better. Display it so that appetites are properly charged, First
press in some coarse salt and either crushed or freshly ground
pepper. Using either well seasoned wood or charcoal, let the fire
in your grill become a bed of glowing coals (here you must resist
any guest who tries to persuade you to put the steak on too early),

After you have replenished all the glasses, the grand performance
begins. Grease the prill well with bits of fat trimmed from the
steak, or with butter or oil, place the steak over the coals about
three inches above the fire. When the steak is nicely browned and
is spluttering merrily, turn it over to repeat the searing process
on the other side, Keep your platter or wooden plank near the fire
so that it becomes heated.

Continue grilling the steak until it achieves the perfect state of
doneness for you (I like mine rare, juicy on the inside and well
browned on the outside), Test it with a small sharp knife to see if
it is done enough - some experts will tell you that this ruins the
steak, but my experience does not confirm this. The knife test
should reveal a color change from brown on the outside to a layer
of pink, and then finally a red core. You are now ready to rush the
steak (and I mean rush) to your eager guests. And you will, of
course, have plenty of crusty bread or crisp rolls and perhaps there
is corn roasting over the grill and a large bowl of green salad with
your favorite French dressing.

If the steak is being served on a warm summers day, I think the
perfect accompaniment is several bottles of well chilled Vin Rose.
This wine will be particularly appreciated because it stands up to
a steak better than a white wine, nor does it possess the serious,
indoorish quality of a red wine. My favorites are the French Tavel
1945 (only $1.49) and the Anjou Rose ($1.88). Both are available
at Sherry Wine & Spirits.

x * *
Ever have hamburgers blessed with red wine? It’s a wonderful
quickie for either town or country dinner, Cook the bambur ger
patties in three tablespoons of butter and add a tablespoon of finely
chopped onion or shallot to the pan. Salt and pepper the patties.
When they are nicely browned on both sides and cooked to the point
of perfection as far as yaur palate is concerned, add a half cup of
red wine - our old friend, St. Michel Mountain Rouge, is perfect
for this. Turn the patties in the wine sauce several times, remove
them to a hot plate and let the sauce cook down for several seconds
before pouring over the hamburgers, This adds interest and

distinction to the chopped meat classis. Finish the bottle of St.
Michel Rouge with your dinner. By the way, those two best sellers
of our wine cellar + the Mountain Rouge and the Mountain Blanc,
permit you to serve good wine all summer without badly damaging
your budget (both the red and the white are only 89¢ a bottle). Try
the white with soda instead -of a highball.

%e 3K *K

Here’s an interesting summer drink that will win much praise from
your guests. Simply add a bit of Creme de Cassis to a glass of
iced Champagne. Both the color and taste will take on an added
romantic interest a la pink Champagne. It might be a good idea to
always have several splits of Champagne in your refrigerator at all
times so you can produce a cooling drink at a moments notice
Mumm Splits are $1.49 and the Moet are $1.39). Garnier Cassis,
from France, can produce about 50 glasses of Champagne Cassis
and costs $5.94.

XK * =

When you ‘faire un pique-nique’ don't forget the wines which add to
the gaiety and the romance of the occasion. Towering trees, a
rippling stream, a bountiful picnic basket and -- sigh. The fine
Alsatian Sylvaner or Traminer of Pierre Kriss, chilled to perfection
adds a blissful touch that makes the event indelibly inscribed on the
memory of happy occasion -- especially if it is a ‘pique-nique a
deux’ (sigh again),

% o* x

Real tonic water from England is again with us! And did anyone
tell you that we have just received Glen Alan Gin from England, a
worthy companion to our now famous Glen Alan Scotch? Imagine a
fine imported gin for only $4.59 ($52.00 the case). A hearty slug

in a tall glass with plenty of ice and a slice of lemon and plenty of

tonic water. A moonlit night -- a terrace, a boat, a beach, or a
garden ... Conversation sparkles, the hours fly along and one revels
in summer living.

* x *

At one time in my life, I spent several happy months at cookery and
food planning at the Bird & Bottle Inn, a delightful country

restaurant. This has prejudiced me in favor of always joining a
bottle with the bird. Here is a recipe that can be fixed in a hurry.
Cut up a two pound broiler and dredge it with flour. Melt three
tablespoons of butter in a skillet and brown the chicken in the
butter on all sides. Reduce the flame and add one quarter cup
finely chopped onion, or its aristocratic cousin the shallot. Allow

 
