 

 

 

Art, Wine and Wine Merchants... a pleasing
trinity united by this sumptuous catalog. And
quite properly so. For, without wine merchants
such as Nicolas and Sherry’s, wine, though still
a thing of glory, would be bound to its own narrow
parish. Wine merchants transform a local
miracle into a universal blessing. As for great
art, does it not march well with the offerings

of a great wine merchant? | think your hosts
at Sherry’s have done well to embellish their
catalog with these dazzling reproductions from
the luminous, radiant paintings of Marcel Savin.
That artists are rarely tea-drinkers is

notorious. It is no less obvious that a perfect
Chambertin, a Chateau Haut-Brion or an ex-
quisite Champagne, framed in Baccarat glass
against a background of gleaming damask,
forms a visual delight. Artists as incomparable
as Vermeer have again and again elevated these
beautiful transient images into the eternity of
art.

But the link between art and wine (and there-
fore, wine merchants) is subtler still. For

both art and wine rank among the Great Refusals.
Both bear witness to man’s refusal to accept
experience on its own brute terms. Adequate
for animals, nature is inadequate for man;
hence he evolves artists to transform it.
Adequate for animals, mere nourishment is
inadequate for man; hence he evolves a cluster
of arts of ingestion, of which by far the highest
is that of making and enjoying wine.

Thus does it come about that these superb,
strongly human works of Savin and these
excellent wines and spirits move in these
pages in harmonious tandem.

On the subject of wine | need hardly dwell,
for readers of this catalog need no further
illumination. They belong to a group that
probably represents about as far upward as
we have gone in our ascent from the simians.
Wine-drinkers are humane, tolerant, witty,
sociable, elegant, learned and probably even
fairly good-looking. For me to tell them
anything about wine and wine-drinking would
be the merest impertinence.

  
