 
   

EAU LAR

HAUT
| Emilion} {

Margaux}

N (Graves) 2

wuillac]

 

 

1959 BURGUN DIES

Scarce, Great-Derfection for Present Drinking

The vintage chart in the Time-Life book “Wines and
Spirits” speaks briefly about the 1959 among the red
Burgundies -but pointedly. We quote “1959—if you seek
great red Burgundy vibrantly alive with fruit and charm,
drink the ’59s for the next few years’’. We do not ask you

to lay the ’59 Burgundies down for your grandchildren—
but if you want to experience the highest taste expres-
sion of what the red wines of Burgundy can achieve, any
one of the rare, irreplaceable thoroughbreds listed below
can bestow this wine-drinking pleasure upon you.

No. 1959 RED BURGUNDIES Bottle Case
Oe SONG CO es 5.49 59.30
Pierre Poupon ee :
The better vineyards of Beaune are characterized by softness and lightness, noted for finesse and aroma, and are
relatively quick to mature. Here is perhaps the best single vineyard of this famed wine-producing town and is a true
glory in 1959.

390 SAVIGNY

Confrerie des Chevaliers du Tastevin

Here we are dealing with a great Burgundy that was cared for throughout its life by M. Trinquet, the most respected
wine-maker of Burgundy, a reputation which he has earned by virtue of heading the School of Oenology of Beaune for
over 30 years. This wine proudly bears the numbered label of the Confrerie des Chevaliers du Tastevin and the en-
thusiastic approval of the ‘“‘Tastevin’”’ Tasting Committee.

959 GRANDS EGHEZEAUN 2. 3k. a 6.49
Pierre Poupon

Some wine-writers have suggested that the wines of “Grands Echezeaux”’ have never commanded the price and the
acclaim of neighboring vineyards which are no better largely because the name is difficult to pronounce and remem-
ber. Learn how to pronounce it, it’s easy (Esh-shay-zo); drink great wine and simultaneously save money.

F97G NUITS ST. GEORGES LES BOUDOTS...........3-..3.- 3-6). - 6.49
Charles Noellat
Firm; fuller in body than most red Burgundies. Rich in fruit. Exceptional velvety qualities. Will thrive for at least

another 5 years.
478 GEVREY CHAMBERTIN

Confrerie des Chevaliers du Tastevin
Here again, we quote from the tasting notes of M. Trinquet, the retired Dean of the Vinicultural School of Beaune,

“Delicate perfume coupled with great richness. A most agreeable taste: full depth coupled with fine texture”.

991 BONNES MARES =... 8.75 94.50

Pierre Poupon
This vineyard whose name means ‘“‘the good acres”, is a “‘téte du cuvée”, or first growth, of Chambolle-Musigny. Not

as well known as its adjoining neighbor, Le Musigny, it commands a price well below its true value—one of the
noblest vineyards of all Burgundy.
148 RICHEBOURG 922.6 12.00

Charles Noellat
What neighbors! Richebourg is bounded on the south by Romanée-Conti and the east by Romanee St. Vivant. Less

than 2,000 cases are produced per year; generally it is fuller, deeper in color and “bigger” than its adjoining vineyards
in the town of Vosne-Romanée. Charles Noellat is a small, impeccable producer who owns some of the choicest land
in the Richebourg vineyard and who estate-bottles every grape he produces.

ana ROMANEE ST. VIVANT ......:....-23 + 12.50
Pierre Poupon
Adjoins Romanée-Conti and Richebourg. Only 23 acres in size, most of the yield being now vinified by the Domaine

de la Romanée-Conti. Here is one of the best ones we have tasted, truly full, remarkable bouquet, great finesse, and
capable of competing and holding its own with any red Burgundy you have ever tasted.

64.70

70.10

70.10

a ee ee 6.99 75.00

129.60

135.00

Looking for the most individual and unique gift you can give a wine-loving friend? Here it is:—
Mixed Case of 8 EIGHT 1959 BURGUNDIAN JEWELS (Case of 8) Mixed Case of 8 = 59.50

All wine aficionados have dreamed of comparing the great vine- but will render ecstatic, any of your friends who truly understand
yards of Burgundy produced during a great year—not just shortly and appreciate the best of great Burgundies at their height.

after the vintage—but after they have had sufficient time to mature Here is the Christmas wine gift to end all Christmas wine gifts—
to their potential heights. The 8 wines listed above provide you this “sample case” of 8 bottles will normally cost you $64.70—send
with the opportunity to do this—and in addition, provides you with it to yourself or send it to a friend for only $59.50 the mixed case
the kind of imaginative Christmas gift that will not just delight of 8 different 1959 great red Burgundies.

  

41
