 

22

   

Experts consider Bordeaux, with its 110,000 acres planted in vines, possibly

   

the finest red wine region in the world with only Burgundy in serious compe-

 
 

tition. The region of Bordeaux lies near the Atlantic coast in southwestern

 
 

France, dominated by the Dordogne and Garonne rivers, which ultimately

 
 

join to become the Gironde as they empty into the Atlantic Ocean. There are
about 30 wine districts within the region and GRAND MARQUE 1971

owes its origin to some of the better vineyards of this remarkable wine-

 
    
  

growing area.

  

We are all aware of the exalted cost and supreme excellence of the

   

great First Growth thoroughbreds of Bordeaux which would include
Chateau Lafite Rothschild, Mouton Rothschild, Latour, Margaux, Haut

Brion, Petrus, Cheval Blanc and Ausone. This wine does not pretend

 
   
 
  

to match the glory, longevity, or majesty of this regal class. It is the

 
 

kind of wine that is round, full, well-balanced and utterly pleasant

 
  
    

for not only daily drinking, but even the more festive dinner party.
It is a happy combination of the aristocratic Cabernet Sauvignon grape
merged with the fruitier and softer Merlot grape—the same combina-

tion of grape varieties employed by even the noblest of the vineyards.

The source of these wines is impeccable. It comes from the historic
cellars of Dourthe Freres, a prestigious firm that not only owns some
of the better vineyards of Bordeaux, but also represents exclusively

more than 60 well recognized chateaux of the area. :
RED BORDEAUX WINE

         

eee ee L971
In an era when the familiar chateau names command $10 or more the RB en 1X
a ; ey > 2ORDEAU

bottle, it is an economic and taste delight to know that it is possible to i ee ihe cow raoue!

7 >" ¥ “ 2 wht 2h =

; . ef? Sf, Wil
acquire good, honest, ready to drink red wine of Bordeaux at only Mois en froulule/

er ee:

$3.79 the bottle, $40.95 the case. ” : PRERES

     

NEGOciaNTs 4 BORDEAUX, GIRONDE, FRANCE
‘ Ne aisod ih ilée en f80

    

For those who prefer the more dramatic double
bottle or Magnum size, we are happy to report
that it is available at $7.49 the Magnum,
$40.95 the case of six. Should it be

‘dinner for two,’ half-bottles are avail-

able at $2.09 each, $45.25 the case.

SOR, ARR, So REAR RH EA ARR RAR: IAT uit!

onwem, Ss

"atin, a

th

Int

; (ass
‘dane
‘asi jus
nh hus}

‘ =
mans love

I

 
