 

The virtues of the great 1970 red Bordeaux have re-
ceived world recognition from wine lovers every-
where. With a fixed supply, and an ever increasing
international demand, the prices have climbed—and
will continue to climb higher with each passing month.
Certainly, they will be substantially higher during
1973, after the ’70s have been bottled, and the wine
puts in its appearance in the restaurants and wine
shops of the United States.

SHOULD THE WINE LOVER BUY HIS 1970
CLARETS NOW? Before you make your decision, we
feel it is our obligation, as wine merchants, to bring
the relevant facts to your attention.

1970—THE BEST VINTAGE YEAR SINCE 1961,
is a year in Bordeaux that will rank with the im-
mortals, now occupied by ’29, *45, ’47 and ’61.
Beautifully balanced, rich in fruit and tannin,
the ’70s are are endowed with grace and lon-
gevity. The wine lovers of the entire world are
competing for the limited quantity produced at
the great vineyards of Bordeaux.

WHY HAVE THEY CLIMBED SO HIGH? We
must remember that the following vintage—1971
—produced hardly more than half a normal crop.
The ’71s, because of small quantity, opened at
double the price of the ’70s, and with no hesita-
tion, all vineyard offerings were snapped up im-
mediately. The result was that those who still
owned ’70s, certainly a better year than ’71,
quickly moved up their quotations to match the
prices of the less good year that followed.

DEVALUATION OF THE DOLLAR PLAYED
ITS ROLE. We have all learned that anything we
now buy in France, whether it be hotel rooms,
perfumes, scarves or wine, costs 10% more auto-
matically. Obviously, this is starting to be re-
flected in consumer wine prices.

WORLD DEMAND for wine stepping up every-
where including Japan, Italy, Germany and par-
ticularly in the United States. A 15% growth rate
would be a modest appraisal. We must be aware
that a Chateau Latour or a Mouton Rothschild
have fixed legal and physical boundaries and
they can only produce what they can produce
without the capacity of matching the growth
rate. This, too, has an effect on the world quo-
tations for the famed vineyard names.

WHAT IS THE FUTURE FORECAST? Some of
you may have bought Chateau Lafite Rothschild
1961 shortly after the harvest at about $100 the
case and observe it being currently rationed at
$750 the case. Will the same thing happen to the
equally excellent ’70s? Barring a world depres-
sion, even the most conservative economist
would predict that the ’70s will achieve equal
heights in another decade. However, acquiring
a classic First Growth at present prices is a de-
cision that each wine drinker must make for
himself. In our opinion, if you think you would
want to drink or serve a Chateau Mouton Roths-
child 1970 five years hence—NOW-—not later, is
the best possible time to acquire it.

No.

If Acquired
NOW

Case

This noble vineyard has recently been replanted under
the supervision of Professor Peynaud of the University
of Bordeaux faculty—a man who ranks among the fore-
most oenologists of the world. The first vintage will be
1970 and now is the time to buy it, because soon its
virtues will be recognized and the price will go up sub-
stantially. Soft, well rounded, free of flaws.

First introduced to this wine by Jean Delmas, Managing
Director of Chateau Haut Brion. Typical Graves, good
body, priced well under its true class.

In 1855 over 60 Medoc vineyards were classified ‘Grand
Cru.’ Were these vineyards reclassified today the TIME-
LIFE book “Wines & Spirits’ is of the opinion that
Chateau Fourcas-Dupré because of outstanding excel-
lence would be included. Full, distinguished, long-lived.
Obviously, a ‘best buy’ for 1975 or 1980, drinking.

Pleasant, quick maturing; soft and round. The vineyard
featured at the Cote Basque Restaurant.

A ‘sleeper.’ From an astonishingly fine Medoc vineyard
proudly owned by Georges Hereil, creator of the Cara-
velle airplane, and now Board Chairman of Chrysler-
Europe. His dedication to excellence is reflected in this
long-lived, noble wine.

Like Chateau Fourcas-Dupré, this vineyard was also
singled out by the TIME-LIFE book ‘Wines & Spirits”
to be among those growths that have proven so out-
standing over the past decade that they deserve to be
ranked with the ‘Grand Cru’ 1855 classification.

Recently awarded the high classification of ‘Grand Cru’
in St. Emilion. This recognition was earned by dramatic
improvement in quality inspired by the proprietor,
Marcel Dassault, the famed airplane designer.

An across-the-road neighbor of the more highly classi-
fied Chateau Calon Segur. Similar in characteristics.

There are 13 ‘Grand Crw’ classified vineyards in Graves,
among which Chateau Haut Brion reigns supreme. In
this noble class can be found Chateau Bouscaut—a wine
that develops more quickly than a comparable Medoc,
yet still retains the virtues of long life.

At the recent Bordeaux Fair, L’Académie du Vin con-
ducted a blind tasting to determine the best wine pro:
duced during the 1970 vintage in St. Estephe. In a blind
tasting against the other great classified vineyards of
St. Estephe, Chateau Lafon-Rochet was awarded the
‘Medaille d’Or’ or FIRST GOLD AWARD as the best
1970 of that area. Because of the award and its popu
larity on the Bordeaux market, it has not been easy to
come by. We are offering a limited quantity of this great
claret that will continue to thrive and become increas-
ingly better during the decades ahead.

Owned by Chateau Ausone, and matured in the Chateau
Ausone cellars. Difficult to distinguish them. Deep 1”
color, round.

Noble vineyard owned by Henri Martin, President of
Bordeaux Wine Growers Association, and Managing
Director of Chateau Latour. In league with ‘Grand Crus.

In New York, this is perhaps the most popular of all the
St. Emilions, featured by the leading French restau-
rants. Sturdy, generous, agreeable.

 
