F
e

 

lp J
’ rageose
“CALE ©

SUMMER IS HERE! —The flower nurseries are thronged with enthusiasts; there is brisk talk
about Belmont, boating and beverages; our vacation plans are taking shape; dining hits a lighter

2 e ° : ° : ‘TT 3 7
note; and there is a quickening demand for the gay, colorful, uncomplicated “Vin Rose.” We
have paid full heed to the new popularity of these pink wines. In the opinion of our wine loving
friends, this list represents the largest and most carefully selected collection of “Vin Rose” ever

offered to the American public.

Happily blessed with the right type of gaiety and eye appeal, they can be served with ice cubes
in a tall glass instead of a highball, or they can be served chilled with almost any food. Here is the
finest collection of Vin Rose that we have ever offered -AND AT UNBELIEVABLY
LOW SALE COST!

No. Bottle Case
S56 BOGE DE CAGAGE 1955 (Bordess) =. Ck ww. OD CICLO

A gay, young, Vin Rosé that does not pretend to be more than it is—the kind of cheerful
little pink wine you get at the better country inns scattered throughout France; the kind
of wine that the proprietor proudly serves ‘en carafe’.

er A ee 1955 (lance Cae) tw tit (<tti‘(‘ i‘ C;WC;tt:;.!tC eS 14

The soft, fruity flavor and delightful color of the Anjou pink wines are familiar to those
who have dined at the little country inns of the Loire Valley. Here is an estate bottled
example that is typical and outstanding. Regularly $1.49. |

Me Pe PP AIGNON 190655 (Rhone)... .. . . we ™ BD. 14.50

A cheery pink wine priced at an irresistibly low level—half bottles at only .75 each,
$16.50 the case.

Mee SUSATIAN POG 19055 Gianhat) «st (<“ SC‘(S:C(C;S:*‘(C;t‘C;CtC«;”*~*«C(‘<t‘iwHC KS OGL

This exceptionally light and pale rosé captures the flowery bouquet that is associated
with the wines of Alsace. It is fresh and sufficiently light so that it can be consumed
more copiously than any other wine.

494 PROVENCE ROSE 1955 (Domaine de Mauvanne) . . .. . 1.49 16.95 |

The color and gaiety of sunny Provence is delightfully captured by this exceptional Vin
Rosé, so popular on the Cote d’Azur. Available in half-bottles .84 each, $18.95 the case.

oe rrr Aerie toe —hCm™mhmCUC™C™r~w™CC«<C;#ysCCSCCCClC.. ELD G.95 OT

This sprightly and charming Vin Rose is typical of the cheering wine served to discrimi-
nating guests at ‘““Le Bonne Auberge” in Antibes. A consistent favorite. Half-bottles .84
each, $18.95 the case.

Oe COUP. (Pee foliar) 6 gg ee os LED. sd. 0

The quaint town of Tavel, walled in by cliffs, devotes almost all of its energy to the
production of Vin Rosé. Here is a young, fresh wine that will add much delight to the
warm summer days ahead. Note the astonishingly low price. Half-bottles at only .95 each,
$20.95 the case.

469 ROSE DE BROUZAC (Chateau Lascombes) .. . ... . .1.809 19.95

Many of you are familiar with the fine Claret produced at Chateau Lascombes, one of
the better vineyards of the township of Margaux in Bordeaux. A portion of the vineyard
is devoted to producing and Chateau-bottling this delighful Rosé. Available in half-bottles
at .99 each, $21.95 the case.

ee ee ee eee I) a yy fa ee. 20.95

l'avel, the most famous Vin Rosé of France, comes from an arid, rocky little valley between
Avignon and Nimes. Estate bottled at one of the most favorably situated vineyards of
ie we do not think this Rosé is surpassed by any other produced anywhere in the
world.

432 BEAUJOLAIS ROSE 1955 (Domaine des Tours) . . .™ .1.99 22.65

The red wine from this vineyard, probably the best of the entire Beaujolais district, is
offered elsewhere among these pages. However, the owners set aside a portion of their
vineyard to the production of pink wines usually for their own consumption. We tasted
it at the vineyard, fell in love with it and persuaded them to send us a small quantity.
It is entirely remarkable. Half-bottles at $1.09 each

3 each of the 4 checked items

 
