Associates—

JACK AARON

SAM AARON

KENNETH DEAN
JOSEPH STRICKS
ALEXANDER TYUZSE, Jr.

rm

10
aii

JANUARY, FEBRUARY CATALOG

PAGE

AlGaAs... 23
American Whiskies

American Wines 2............54 25
ROOTS: 5, he 30
Blended Whiskies ............000... 6
Bordeaux, Red

Bordeaux, White

Bourbon Whiskies

Burgundy, Red

Burgundy, White

Brandies

Canadian Whiskies
Champagne, French ................. ;
Champagne, American

Chilean Wines

Cognac

Cordials

Italian Wines

Ligtenre:.<.03)....co cro 31
MBG Boerne eat roe 30
Moselle Wines an... 24

Rhone WINES ....cc..celei de 23
Rhine Wines

Rye Whiskies .

Scotch Whiskies

Sparkling Burgundies ............ 7
Swiss Wimes un... 17
Vermouths -3u
Vin Rose

Vouvrays

As 1948 opens, the consumer will pleasantly discover that his favorite
bottle of Scotch will cost him about thirty cents less — French Cham-
pagne about a dollar a bottle less —- and Cognac fifty cents less. Govern-
mental tariff reductions which went into effect on the first of the year
plus lower profit for the trade have made this possible.

The above is cheering news indeed to the consumer — but there is also
a negative side. American distilleries will probably face a ‘curtailed pro-
duction’ order for the remainder of the year. These further restrictions
will undoubtedly place gin and low-cost whiskies in the scarce category.
We have anticipated this situation by obtaining reasonable supplies in
the potentially scarce area and thus give our customers some protection
against any possible shortage. Informed trade circles also predict that
a smaller quantity of Scotch whisky will reach the United States during
‘48 than was received last year.

In compiling this catalog and please remember, it is only a partial
listing of our wide stocks we have been guided by a single rule:
To offer only wines and spirits of undisputed origin and merit. There
are no dubious bargains in the whole lot. We sincerely believe that this

list of wines and spirits cannot be surpassed anywhere in the State, from
the viewpoint of variety. of high quality or of honest value.

We cordially invite you to visit our shop, where you may ‘browse’
among the rare and unusual bottles in an unhurried atmosphere. The
services of our well-informed and helpful sales staff are: ar your disposal
at all times.

 
