  
  
 
  
  
  
   
   
  
     
   
 
    
     
     
     
     
   
   
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
  

The Ultimate Christmas Gift for Your | “A Spectacular Creation. One —
Special Wine-Loving Friends”’ Whale of a Book”

Frank Schoonmaker Craig Claiborne

 

— president of Sherry-

This sumptuously illustrated volume is
Lehmann, Inc.—has marshalled all the

a virtual encyclopedia of wine and a

compendium of wine lore as well. It is facts you need to know about wine. He
as useful as a wine rack, as enjoyable as begins with American wines and, vine-
a vintage Bordeaux. It wraps, in a word, yard by vineyard, sets forth the best to
everything you ever wanted to know be found in California, New York State,
about wine into one glorious volume. and the other wine growing regions of
our country. Mr. Aaron also provides a
—well known author, thorough survey of the wines of France,
critic and editor—has long been a lover Germany, Italy, Spain, Portugal, and
of wines. His keynote essay, while re- most of the other wine-producing coun-
counting his own love affair with wines, tries of the world, including the U.S.S.R.
explains the special pleasures to be and China. The Joys of Wine also offers
found in wine, why the drinking of it unique charts of grape varieties and
connects us with history, literature, the vineyard classifications, newly executed
arts. He has also packed a mixed case four-color maps of the world’s great
of stories, humorous essays, poems and wine regions, and a wine-lovers guide
quotations that illuminate the long con- packed with useful everyday wine
nection between wine and civilization. intelligence.

HOW TO OBTAIN AN AUTOGRAPHED COPY

order reaches Wine Caves promptly,

   

The JOYS OF WINE is just off the

press and is a featured alternate of before the limited edition of auto-
the Book-of-the-Month Club. Its regu- graphed copies is exhausted.
ot capone os ae “ wee WINE CAVES will be pleased to send
ee ee the JOYS OF WINE as a holiday gift.
pre-publication price of only $35.00 ; oS
Simply send your gift list and cards
plus $1.50 for postage and handling. :
(Kindly add the appropriat oak and Wine Caves will arrange for de
y so ca ise ed a ceed a livery of this magnificent book.

for delivery within New York State.)

SPECIAL OFFER: Wine Caves, Inc.
make no extra charge for copies per-
sonally autographed by both Clifton
Fadiman and Sam Aaron, provided the

The cover and color photographs of this catalog have been reproduced from THE JOYS OF WINE. The
Burgundian singers—front and back cover © Arnold Newman—are members of the Confrérie des Chevaliers
du Tastevin. The still life with Lafite 1899 is the work of Peter Aaron and Jerry Friedman. Our beautiful
evocation of the elegance of Champagne was photographed by Robert Lawrence Balzer. We thank Harry
N. Abrams, Inc. for their generosity in making these available to us.
