Prompt Delivery Service Throughout United Parcel Zone

  
 

NRA Leu

en Beaujolais

ee 1674 =

The best bottle of Beaujolais to be found anywhere, just arrived
in time for holiday festivities and all your winter living.

The 1974 vintage Brouilly from the Chateau de La Chaize
has just arrived in America. Having tasted the wine months
ago, we were having a hard time waiting for this day when
its delicious fruit and delightful fragrance could be shared
with the thousands of connoisseurs who have come to love
the great wines from this beautiful estate. The Brouillys of
Chateau de La Chaize have been the best-selling wine in our
history. This 1974 is superb and we cannot help but be con-
fident that it, too, will add continued luster to the long,
legendary reputation of La Chaize.

The consistent high quality of these Beaujolais is no lucky
accident. With extensive hillside vineyards in the village of
Odenas, La Chaize can proudly call its wine ‘Brouilly,’ one
of the nine individual ‘growths’ that year in and year out
produce the finest of Beaujolais. Unlike lesser examples,
Chateau de La Chaize Brouilly is not bottled immediately
after the vintage, but in the Spring following the harvest
when the added barrel ageing has brought out its full poten-
tial and unique longevity. In addition, the property has been
in the same family for three hundred years. The present
Marquise de Roussy de Sales is a descendent of Pere La
Chaize (the confessor of Louis XIV) who founded the
estate in 1676. That generation to generation of the family
remains dedicated to the excellence of its wines is witnessed
by the 1974 Brouilly we have only now received. Tradition
dictates no compromise.

Available in Half-Bottles & 1S:

at $2.19 Each— ae
$47.50 Case of 24 ' i

44 Case
For those who want the big,

impressive Magnums, $47.50 the case of 6 - $8.70 each

 
 

  

OUTE LA:

APPELLATION BROUILLY CONTROLLE

  
  
  

ge
ACHAIZE

\T EY,

 
   

    
 

en Besicarus
PRODUCE ef i: RANCE

MW de ROUSIY de SALARY
Prapristeire & Odeaas | Rhenv)

  
 
   
 

SHERRY- LEHMANN, INC.

 
 
    

fi

JO,

  
  

 

\\ \v ADS

   

Nas 679 Madison Ave. At 61 St., New York, N. Y. 10021 - TEmpleton 8-7500

Hi. WINE & SPIRITS MERCHANTS

  

5

  
