ON WINE WITH FOOD
b A great deal of com
las aa about the serv-
by seme a eo are a ritual, devised
a result, a great Ray fa

y people who would
otherwise have given wine a fair trial, and
Was assuredly would have found that they
iked it and enjoyed it, have been impelled
to regard the whole business as so much spin-
ach, and wine as a drink for snobs. This js
too bad; wine, as millions of people have
discovered, since Shakespeare and before him,
“is a good familiar creature if it be well used.”

Most of the real rules Cand there are a
few) are a matter of common sense and any
person of intelligence and taste would dis-
cover them for himself in the course of
drinking a glass or two of wine with dinner
every evening over the space of a few months.

White wines and rosés (pink) should be
served chilled, or iced in very hot weather; at
50 to 60 degrees they are refreshing and
appetizing, whereas they taste insipid or
cloying at 70 or over.

ee to tradition, red wines should be
served at room temperature — but this cer-
tainly does not mean room temperature in
New Orleans in summer. Actually no po
tastes good at over 75 degrees and, cee ee
a few great bottles, 65 degrees is much C0
preferred in summer.

All wines are better 1n large
course not filled to t
is plenty). The wines boug
inside the glass and can be

plicated nonsense has

glasses (of
he brim — one-half full
uet is thus trapped
better appreciated.

Butlers in the United States seem to be
going the way of the passenger pigeon —they
are a vanishing race—and most of us no
longer serve the six- and eight-course dinners
of yesteryear. Wine service is simpler too. One
wine, possibly two, and three as an outside
limit, seems to be the very sensible rule today,
Champagne or vin rosé can be served straight
through a meal, but so can most other wines
for that matter when there is only one main
course. When two or more wines are served,
the sweet wine Cif any) obviously comes last.
Just as fish is served before meat, so white
wine (dry white wine) comes before red:
if there are two reds, the lighter or the lesser
red comes first.

The rest is mostly a matter of personal
preference or taste or choice.

Here, however, are a few of the classic
wine-and-food affinities, dishes and wines
that seem to complement one another:

Before a meal (instead Dry Sherry or Madeira,
of cocktails). served chilled. Very drv
Champagne, iced.

With shellfish, all fish Dry white wines, Graves,

dishes, cold meat, fowl. White Burgundies, Alsa-
tians, Moselles, Rhine
wines. Rosés.

With ham or pork Less dry white wines.
tosés.

With fowl (see above), ted Bordeaux, Beaujolais,

lamb, veal, or even beef. and other lighter reds.
Rosés.

With game, beef and all Burgundy, Rhone, full-

full-flavored red meats. bodied reds from other
districts.

With Italian food Italian wines, particularl
the reds.

With dessert Barsac, Sauternes, heavier
Rhine wines. Champagne.

 
