A NEW KIND OF VINTAGE CHART

The success 0 3
little booklet Pelli “cE eae he
copies having been distributed and ; ae
to believe, gratefully received, in the Past four
years) has encouraged me to bring it up :
date. Even some tentative notes on 1957 are
included in this present edition, and the rat-
ings of earlier vintages completely revised,
Among these, happily, a few ugly ducklings
have followed the script of the old fairy story,
and a few promising youngsters, as always,
have turned out less well than we had hoped.

It remains my opinion, which is not shared
by everyone, that a vintage chart in more ab-
breviated form than this can easily be value-
less, and may actually render a disservice. No
one ever reviewed an interesting book or com-
mented adequately on the diverse wines of a
given vintage in terms of a number, or a few
stars, or a single-word verdict. Then, too, what
the consumer is interested in is the value of a
given wine NOW, not the academic fact that
1921 was a great year on the Rhine, or 1923
in Burgundy. Shocking as it may seem to some
collectors, I have therefore down-graded many
once-incomparable vintages, wherever I have
found them NOW generally faded and dis-

inting.
hee ante have been used, I have
worked on the basis that 20/20 1s eee
10/20 barely acceptable, and 12/ te
60% ) a passing grade. These represen ¢
tual value 0
I believe to be the comparative ac eee
estion, in terms of dollars a

the wines in gu ts will, I feel, be
cents. However, the comments

vastly more helpful than the numerical rat
ings, which are intended to be signposts, not
guides.

It is important to remember that not only
the wines of “great” years are worth buying.
Many, of lesser years, can provide their own
delights, and if properly chosen and fairly
priced, they may be far better values than the
expensive “great.” All, if good, belong to that
great family of the fruits of the grape which
have given joy and comfort to humans for
more years than the oldest of us can remem-
ber or than historians can count.

WINES FOR ‘58 — A SUMMARY

Inevitably what comes to mind is the old
Biblical story of the seven fat years in Egypt,
and the seven lean. We wine-lovers were all
a little spoiled during the decade that fol-
lowed World War II: from 1945 through
1953, the only really poor year was 1951. It
even became fashionable among the super-
stitious to announce than only odd vintage
years were good years — they had noted ’43,
‘45, 47, ’49, ’53, and had conveniently for-
gotten 1951 (poor) and 1952 (excellent).
sut Nature is even more unpredictable than
the stock market, and has a way of confound-
ing us all. For example, it is amusing to recall
that from 1892 through 1912, the very best
vintage Ports were all the product of leap years,
and every leap year was good. The series of
course ended, like a “run on the red” at Monte
Carlo, and in any case, this is not the way to
buy wine.

 
