ITALY

In the past half-dozen years, Italian wines
have made thousands of new friends in the
United States. Most of us like Italian food,
and nothing is better with it than Italian wine;
many of us have visited Italy, and found the
local wines both excellent and interesting —
uncomplicated, appetizing, and attractive.

The majority of Italian wines are made to be
drunk when young—only a few reds (the finer
Chiantis, certain rare Valpolicellas, and the
Barolos and Barbarescos of the Province of
Piedmont) improve materially with age.

Almost all of the white wines, and the few
rosés which are exported (Chiarello, Chia-
retto, etc.) are at their best when under three
years old, and for these a vintage chart is quite
unnecessary.

The finest grades of Chianti are shipped in
ordinary wine bottles, like Bordeaux, and these
do improve with ageing. The others in the
familiar straw-covered fiaschi are ready to
drink well before their third birthday, and in
most of the restaurants of Florence you will
find them served even younger.

For those worth laying down here are the
best years:

Chianti—1952, 1954, 1955.

Valpolicella—1952, 1955, 1957.

Barolo, Barbaresco — 1947, 1949, 1952,
1954, 1955.

CALIFORNIA

The great wine-producing district of Cali-
fornia (made up of the counties around San
Francisco Bay) is admirably suited to the
growing of grapes, and its climate is one of
most equable of the temperate zone.

Here, as in the Rhone Valley of France, as
in much of Spain and Italy, there are not those
wide differences between one year and another
which are alternately the delight and the de-
spair of most European vintners.

California, it has been said, with some justi
fication “has no bad years.” Of course it can
also be said that California has no great or ex-
traordinary years. A graph of vintages would
not be far from a straight and level line. No
one could conceivably prepare a useful vintage
chart and, as a matter of fact, a vintage
on a bottle from California is not an indication
of quality but a statement of age. In many
cases, and on many of the best wines, it is
omitted altogether.

California’s white wines and excellent roses
should all be drunk young and are generally
shipped to market when they are ready to
drink. The best reds (Pinot Noir and Caber-
net, or Cabernet Sauvignon) are aged in wood
before bottling and quite often in bottle be
fore they leave the winery. The good ones
will all improve further if laid away, but no
expert could hope to distinguish between, for
example, 1953 and 1954. California’s wines
are consistent —— if there are no great peaks
of surpassing quality, at least there are no
deep valleys.

 
