 

 

  

FOUR EXCEPTIONAL WINES FROM THE CELLARS OF

The Right Honorable Ernest Marples

It all started at the annual convention in Los Angeles of the Wine & Spirits Guild of America. As the newly-
elected President of the Guild, our associate at Sherry’s, Sam Aaron, persuaded Mr. Pierre Nicolas of Paris
and the Rt. Hon. Ernest Marples of London to travel across the Pole and fly to California to provide their
scholarship, wisdom, and deep knowledge of the wines of France to the membership.

It was on this occasion that this remarkable offering of four superb wines was born. Mr. Marples, a dedi-
cated vineyard owner, takes his wines most Seriously. The Pouilly-Fuissé ranks “ best in class". The
Macon Viré is a white wine discovery. And the Moulin & Vent ranks as supreme example of Beaujolais.
Mr. Ernest Marples has earned international acclaim as a member of the British Cabinet and as its Minister
of Transport—the man who “ made London traffic work”. In addition to being a genius in road and building
construction, he has earned the reputation of being one of Europe’s most skilled mountain climbers. A
favorite disciple of the late Winston Churchill, he is not a man to readily compromise whether it be politics,
construction, or “wine”. The four gems from the Maconnais area listed below reflect his dedication to
excellence and will surely provide much pleasure to your dinner table this fall and winter.

Bottle case
820 MACON VIRE 1966 2.19 23.65

Viré is a small wine-growing village just north of Macon. Its dry, fruity, fresh, delicate white
wines made from the same Chardonnay grape that provides us with Chablis and Montrachet
is classified as the best of the Maconnais. Mr. Marples was fortunate when he acquired one
of the choicest small vineyards of the area. It is similar to, and surpasses in quality, most
examples of Pouilly-Fuissé currently available.

792 POUILLY-FUISSE 1966 2.85 32.49

The best white wine of the Maconnais. Formerly a semi-monopoly of the discriminating
French and now its dry, fruity, well-balanced, white wine with its delicate bouquet has become
the favored white Burgundy of London and New York. Here is an outstanding example
just coming into its own.

789 BEAUJOLAIS CHENAS 1966 2.19 23.65

Chenas is a quaint wine-growing commune nestling in the very center of the rolling Beaujolais
country. Itis a bit lighter than the Moulin a Vent listed below, and matures a bit more quickly
—a proud product of one of the nine Grand Cru communes of Beaujolais. Sheer perfection
for drinking between now and the end of the year.

797 MOULIN A VENT 1966 2.85 32.49

Burgundy has its Chambertin and Clos de Vougeot. Beaujolais has its “ Moulin a Vent

—far and away the best red wine growing area of the Macon—and always the most ee
This wine will live long—at least 6 years of fruit, sturdiness, and depth of flavor lie ahea ;
Mr. Marples stresses its finesse and class and we concur with his opinion that Moulin a
is the only wine of Beaujolais that can take on a classic red Burgundy and withstand the
competition with head held high.

  
