  

geable, ees
U Seen In this cata

1

t Was laid down iy

‘tradition of Magda

scriminating cine
ors available epoe
yey sense, Wort ¢
nto Orford wil 0
usly for the int

 

S

1

S9 Archbishop's Mead

Our associate, Sam Aaron, only recently delivered a paper at
Oxford University entitled, ‘‘ Wine, Science and Pleasure ”. Should
any of you want a copy of this paper, we will gladly mail you one
on request. The wines and spirits listed below proudly bear the
name of St. Edmund Hall, one of the 32 individual, independent
institutions of learning which, collectively, comprise the University
of Oxford. St. Edmund Hall dates its origin back to the 13th Century,
and much of the original building still stands.

It is with a sense of pride that we offer these carefully selected
wines and spirits to the discriminating drinkers of New York.

*New York State Law prevents us from advertising liquor prices
... $0 please telephone, write or visit us... we shall quote you imme-
diately... you will be pleased with the prices...

SCOTCH WHISKY

The Scotch of St. Edmund Hall*

A Scotch Whisky of exceptional balance and rich flavour. It has
delighted undergraduates and Fellows of St. Edmund Hall for
generations. You will share their enthusiasm for its harmonious
balance and full maturity. The Oxford scholars, glass in hand,
delight in quoting from Robert Burns, ‘Freedom and whisky gang
thegither’.

BRANDY

S2 Pale and Dry English Market Cognac Brandy*

England has a long history of being the world’s most discerning
critic of Brandy. The Oxonian takes it seriously and requires that
it be pale, dry, delicate and of superior finesse. This mature
spirit has passed the rigid St. Edmund test. In the Senior Common
Room the learned scholars delight in a ‘spot of good Cognac’
with their coffee and cigars.

IMPORTED GIN

S3 London Dry Gin*

A superlative spirit distilled in 90 proof, with a flavour approved
by generations of members of St. Edmund Hall. In Oxford, it is
drunk with water and bitters, or with Vermouth. A pure spirit
which will do honour to any long drink, or to Dry Martini.

MEAD.

In the Oxford tradition

Bottle Case
3.49 39.75

One of the oldest drinks in the Western World : a fermentation of
honey and grape-juice, it was the traditional drink of the Anglo-
Saxon aristocracy when they gathered in the ‘Mead Hall’. King
Alfred is the reputed founder of Oxford University, and his drink,
Mead, is still consumed here. It can be taken like wine with any

meal and is an unusual drink at any time. Serve with gin, vodka

or rum—or as a long drink with bitter lemon, tonic or iced lime juice.
Wassail !

The Wines & Spirits of
St. Edmund Hall

S4 High Table Fino Sherry

S5 Abingdon Amontillado Sherry

S6 Cyril’s Own Cream Sherry

S7

S8 Dry Rainwater Madeira

SHERRY-LEHMANN, INC - 679 Madison Avenue. N. Y. 21 TEmpleton 8-7500

 

SHERRY

The most popular drink of Oxford

Bottle

Case
3.49 39.75

The Fellows, in their long black gowns, sweep to their places at
High Table—the Senior Fellow taps his gavel—the undergraduates
rise—and then the Fino Sherry is served, There-after, the famous
Oxford conversation flows freely, ideas are exchanged, and wit

sharpens on wit. It is out of this tradition that this honourable
pale dry Sherry was born.

3.79 42.75

St. Edmund of Abingdon occupied the exalted seat of Archbishop
of Canterbury from 1234 to 1240. He was the first Oxonian to
become Primate of the English Church and the first to be canonized.
This remarkable Sherry, bearing the name of the town in which
St. Edmund lived, is distinguished by fulness of flavour coupled
with a clean, dry finish. We know of no Amontillado which is
superior.

4.95 55.75

Cyril, the butler, has loyally served the College for over thirty years
and is still there today. Cyril advises freshmen in choosing the
right wines; mixes the punch; prepares the ‘Loving Cup’ from an
ancient and secret recipe; and recommends the Sherry. ‘Here
is ‘Cyril's Own' Cream Sherry, the one served at tea-time and prior
to the weekly ordeal of the tutorial. Rich, full, dramatically luxu-
rious, very old, and the peer of any Cream Sherry on the market.

PORT AND MADEIRA

Bottle Case
3.49 39.75

The cellars of Oxford are world-renowned for the impeccable
qualities of their Tawny and Vintage Ports. The Port ceremony—
the table is cleared; its mahogany surface is resplendent with
fruit, bowls of nuts, candelabra; Port glasses are lifted, accompanied
by the ritual salute, ‘GENTLEMEN, THE QUEEN.’ This is the very
Port that has been used countless times for such occasions.

Senior Common Room Fine Tawny Port

3.79 42.75

Mr. R. E. Alton, our Shakespearian scholar and friend at St. Edmund,
reports, ‘Falstaff was said by Poins to have sold his soul for a cup
of Madeira.’ It is probable that Poins was talking about the rich,
heavy, and sweet Bual or Malmsey Maderia. Here, we recommend
a Rainwater Madeira which is light, relatively dry and pale. It is
often served slightly chilled, as one would a dry Sherry, before
dinner. Experts tell us it is the best example of Rainwater produced
on the island of Madeira.

  
