Sa

eaten |

/ A Remarkable
j Collection of

| Old Estate-Bottled
| Red Bursundies

From the Cellars of

ea M. Roger Duchet.

The expanding market for fine wines throughout the world
has made it practically impossible to find remaining in the
cellars of Burgundy any authentic red wines of older vintages
of impeccable heritage and noble class. We had practically
given up the search, when we ran into the good fortune of
acquiring a unique collection from M. Roger Duchet, a man
who has enjoyed the office of Mayor of Beaune for 30 years.
As Mayor, it is M. Duchet’s privilege to open the annual auc-
tion sale at the Hospices de Beaune. He has been a Cabinet
Minister; he is now the Senator from the Cote d’Or; but his
greatest joy is still the cultivation of his own vineyards that

No.

ab.

248 BEAUNE GREVES 1953

Mayor of Beaune

overlook the town of Beaune. M. Duchet was prevailed upon,
for the first time, to offer some of his own estate-bottlings,
including rare reserves of old vintages, for sale in the United
States.

All of these wines have matured under perfect conditions in
M. Duchet’s cellars. Wines of this calibre, blessed by long
bottle age, are true Burgundian jewels that should not be over-
looked by the serious wine drinker. Quantity limited.

Bottle Case

4.99 54.95

All of the elegance for which the 1953’s are famous is magnificently retained in this wine. Soft, racy, extraordinary

balance and fine bouquet.

BEAUNE GREVES 1952

5.49 60.50

. . . . . . . . .

indication that it will retain its stature for another five years.

452 BEAUNE BRESSANDES 1947 . . - + + « >

Here red Burgundy reaches an apex in full expression
It is the kind of wine that a vineyard owner might serve on rare occasions to honor his

longer commercially av ailable.
most distinguished guests. Its avé ail

AN ADVENTURE
IN TASTING

th

We are pleased to advise that you can acquire a mixed case
(4 each of the 3 vintages above) at the case price of

From “Greves”, the most famous vineyard in Beaune, comes this truly remarkable 1952. “Big and fine, with extra-
ordinary body and bouquet” _ read our tasting notes. The wine is sheer perfection for present drinking with every

5.99 65.95

a rare 1947 in perfect condition. Wine of this calibre is no

ability in New York marks a truly exceptional wine event.

60.50

. Page Eleven

 
