   

   
  
 
 
 
  
 

‘
iN

\

TRAN A A \
IMPORTED FROM TRE Vos

EVER TRY THE
AUTHENTIC VODKAS
FROM RUSSIA?

Here are four intriguing ‘conversation
pieces’ that have won the plaudits of the
Vodka fanciers of Moscow.

   
  
 
     
  
    
    
  
 
 
  
 

In addition to the original and authen-
tic Russian bottled vodka, there is a
Russian vodka flavored with buffalo
grass, another with hot red peppers,
and a third with meadowland grasses.

 
 
 

 

/
a ee

Veo itsich G.

EME RLINTER

  

Each is top-flight within its class and
designed to cause a mild sensation even
at the most sophisticated cocktail
parties.

Curious? — Buy a bottle for yourself.
Looking for an unusual gift? — Send
a bottle or two.

Four Authentic Vodkas From Russia
Will Add Interest to Your

‘Holiday Entertaining’ and ‘Gift-Giving’

TIME-LIFE BOOKS, in their ‘Foods
of the World’ series, has just issued
‘RUSSIAN COOKING’. The plaudits
of the gastronomic world are just
starting to come in.

The co-author, George Papashvily,
was a member of the Czar’s army,
and until recently has been the
proud proprietor of a Russian res-
taurant in California. The Papash-
vilys have recently returned from
the U.S.S.R., eating their way
through Russia’s vast variety of
foods and drinking vodkas in every
strength, color and flavor.

A variety of flavorings can be
added to the colorless vodka to
produce an array of interesting
drinks such as: —

Add peel of a lemon.

Place tea bag in vodka for 2 hours.
Remove.

Add 2 teaspoons of black or white
peppercorns. Strain out after 2 hours.
Crush 20 cherry stones and soak them
in vodka for 10 hours.

Keep anise seeds in vodka for 2 hours.
20 halved, pitted dark sweet cherries
for 3 hours. Remove.

Put 7 blades of buffalo grass in vodka
for 4 hours then remove 6 of them. You
now have ‘Zubrovka’.

Ss oe fF & ME

As an intriguing Christmas gift,

why not send along with the above
recipes a tea bag, twenty cherry
stones, anise seeds, or a few blades
of buffalo grass. One of the best
‘do-it-yourself’ kits we can think

of.

Bottle Case

Below Below

STOLICHNAYA (Bottled in Moscow) .... 7-99 90.96

From the Russian word voda which means ‘water’. No one denies Moscow's claim that
they invented the beverage and employ it freely along with caviar and other delicacies.
Vodka’s popularity in America can be attributed to its mild character, complete dry-
ness, and relative neutrality. Its most frequent uses are in the ‘Vodka Martini’ or as a
happy companion to seasoned tomato juice. Here is the ‘original’, distilled and bottled
+n Moscow. The name ‘Stolichnaya’ sounds rather like a ‘sneeze’—but in fact, it is the
favored vodka in diplomatic circles throughout the world.

Below Below

ZUBROVKA (Flavored with Buffalo Grass) . 8.99 102. 36

Pale green in color. Flavored with wild Buffalo grass, the favorite food of the Zubra, or
Polish bison. Grown only in the marsh lands of Bielorussia on the Russian-Polish
border near Pinsk. Usually served over ice with a twist of lemon. Makes the unique
‘Zubrovka Martini’.

Below Below

PERTSOVKA (Pepper-Flavored Vodka). . . 8.99 102.36

History reports that Peter the Great seasoned his vodka with hot red pepper. The taste
is astonishing, for you get an immediate bite on the tongue, guaranteed to cause a sen-
sation at even the most sophisticated cocktail party. Recommended before—or during
_the serving of Indian Curries and Mexican food. Though it may be 70 proof, we
suspect your guests will believe it to be much stronger, judged purely by the over-
whelming impact on the taste buds.

Below Below

OKHOTNICHYA (means ‘Hunter’s Vodka’) . 8.99 102.36

Here is a full-flavored, 90 proof spirit, flavored with the kind of grasses that one dis-
covers on mountainous meadowlands. Even the scent of heather honey can be detected.
To be served as an exciting, interesting accompaniment to strong cocktail food such as
saucisson, salamis, garlicky patés, and the sharpest of cheeses. A great pick up after
indoor tennis, a day of skiing, a session at the ice-skating rink, a walk in the park, or
a stroll on Fifth Avenue.

38

 

ae

 

Fate. Y

 

“4
- ae e

j

 

 

—_
