   
   
   
     
   
   
     
     
   
     
   
   
   
   
     
   
  
  
  
   
  
 
 
  
 
   

 
 

‘The
BELOVED

rie
BOTTLE

The ruddy, life-appreciating
growers of the proud wine vil-
lages in Beaujolais and Pouilly
Fuisse have made a most im-
portant discovery. Their vel-
vety, fruity red wines and their
habit-forming green-gold
white wines are consumed so
enthusiastically by thirsty
Frenchmen that a half-bottle
is never enough and a full bot-
tle usually too much. So they
re-introduced a bottle that was
the tradition in their wine his-
tory centuries ago. The grace-
ful “in-between” bottle fondly
called “Pot Beaujolais” which
we proudly offer exclusively
to the wine drinkers of New
York State.

Lichine, in- RED WINES
i 237 FLEURIE, LES MORIERS 1959 (Estate of M. Mousset)

oe From the very center, the best vineyard land of Beaujolais. A wine of wonderful balance
—" to be consumed easily, copiously, with gaiety as you savor its fruit and freshness. Will be at
t {ne its peak for at least another 2 years.

Never have - 241 MOULIN-A-VENT, DOMAINE BURDELINES 1959

ae Alexis Lichine states that this wine has a special unique taste on the palate which the French
ao the Nealt express as the “‘tail of the Peacock.” We don’t know exactly what this means, nor do we
Pe tcc (i) suspect that even the French do, but we can certify that this wine has perfect color, excel-
red lent bouquet, magnificent balance and gloriously exhibits the superb fullness of the 1959's.

« Pouilly Fuis® WHITE WINES
ver | 446 BEAUJOLAIS BLANC 1959 (Estate of Bernard)

vout Unequalled fruitness, a beautifully composed wine, full without being overly dry. Very fine.
iv. ‘ d hi Lichine states: “‘Rivals the best of the Pouilly.”

oe fyl Po 353 POUILLY FUISSE 1959 (Estate of Corsin)

i) on A classic 1959 Pouilly Fuisse with a typical green-gold color. Excellent bouquet. A happy
combination of power and finesse which is a prime indication that the wine will still be at
its peak 2 or 3 years from now.

ee YOUR CHOICE $499 the“ Rup”

va 4 J2= rt=as= Ni {2 ASSORT ANY 12 BOTTLES
39

AT $17.95 THE CASE.

  
 
