  

y A’NEW-YEAR'S PARTY

 

i -. AND HOW TO GIVEIT

 

By

“ James Beard and Sam Aaron

= New Year's Eve. entertaluing: ‘s a distinct decntiies from what haneeoeh all year round -- it begiis late
and ends early ~- in the morning | Guests generally do not put in their appearance-until 10 or 11 P. M.

. to sentimentaLlly say goodbye. to the old year with drinks and. ‘snacks. This. continues until midnight when,
of SOuEN: Champagne. is erred to the aero mnan ment of a spontaneous chorus of "Auld ‘Lang Syne, ''

Then the rioment of festive eating begins + ‘therd is a tradition St good food at New Year's and the tradi

.. tion includes a candlelit Supper and often a cheery breakfast. In many homes, Champagne continues

_, -throughout the supper but very often a change to the great wines of Bordeaux and Burgundy occurs, If
the talk is good -- and’this is the kind of night when wit epee on wt the wine eed available

and plenty. of hot, fresh coffée on hand.

_ The day following - -- New Year’ s- Day -~ spe ritual is: -wwaally a sa Pan such as the Classic Brandy
--Milk Punch or any of the fine wine or champagne punches which are being served everywhere throughout
the Western World. You ee find recipes for some of these on the pages that follow. a ess |

* Because of the Self- indulgent feasting of the night ‘before, the menu for New Year's ey skoaid be xprenie “=
_ -an attractive cheese board or tasty sandwiches, - ‘The stress on the first day ‘of the year. should be on.

; simplicity. “People do not want to see decorations in Overabundancé that day. It should be simple enough
_-..g0 that you can handle the food serving: Te and as smoothly as.a performance of a play.after a six-

- month run. —

é me

The key to ‘almost everything in life, Ineiiding: ‘the New mianitin Party; is stosnaiies It is planning that
avoids frenzy and makes for smoothness and'pleasure for the guests. Concentrate on what you can do’
well, don't try to do everything yourself -- remember, there are local shops that can supply some of the.
things thus relteving you of overwork and drudgery and. is Rae ares you: to take a Sealy creative interest
in the more interesting food items that you W1ll be serving, o

 

After. all, such delectable dishes as Nave Scotia and Scotch Sima - ‘Gaitan, auoked Whitefish and Sturgeon,

~ Smoked Eel and Trout -- and there is an endless array of fine desserts, sandwiches, etc., that can be |

| ply. found in’ some of the excelent gourmet shops of New York.

aah

In bur cabin, itis hs essential to have ‘substantial food to support the drinking that takes place « over

2 Ep many hours ; on New Year's Eve..

   

: Good, plentiful food’ will help. your guests sustain the long evening. at would be-wise to prepare your main
: dishes well in advance, they can be refrigerated and put: out at the proper time so that they can be warmed
in a chafing dish or ona stove. Most foods do not lose. their flavor - they are Daenet covered with foil..-

or plastic wrap. 4 4 : pee e

; € :
There should be Seat of ice around. -- 2 block for the punch, ‘cubes for the Grtiates: and cfushed ice for

- “ehilling the Champagne. With a little bit of careful planning, any hostess ean easily handle the problem

- of having sufficient and attractive glasswear, linen, ‘silver, tablewear, New Year's decorafions, candles
~* and fpweEe- Most of these. ems can be rented,” tes

a there is to be a fable. of hors F ocuvre and siuataeia don't wait ae the last a ee “tt will certainly

“naake life easier:-to set it up well in advance, with all of the foods placed in proper position, except for the

perishables,. which should not be put on the table until the first guests arrive. This will certainly save you

a great deal of needless aie. give you more free time.with your guests, and make. for a much smoother

and relaxed party. In the long run, it would also be a bit wiser for the host not to gregariously. join each

‘guest as he arrives in a toast to the New Year. You may have too many guests. It would be wiser to re-

‘strain your uninhibited enthusiasm for the stroke of midnight or, if food is‘a highlight of the evening, until
after supper. If you see a pleasant happy pane on the faces of "your friends, then the host will know that

that is the time for him to join in.

e
