pe AT

 

WENTY-FIVE years have elapsed since our shop first opened its doors. From the begin-
ning, we have consistently adhered to the principle of offering wines and spirits of
able origin and merit at the lowest possible prices. The gratifying increase

-— undisput
has confirmed the wisdom of this long

‘n the number of our customers from year to year,
range policy.

And now, in the Spring of 1958, we offer you what we consider the GREATEST SALE
OPPORTUNITY IN OUR HISTORY. In spite of substantial cost increases at the vine-
yards and distilleries, we have rolled back the prices of many items to reflect our original
cost of a year or two, and not what the present market should dictate. As these prices con-
tinue to rise, as they surely will, your savings will be proportionately greater.

We might mention that we take our wines very seriously here. Most of our offerings have been tasted by

one of more members of our firm at the vineyards where they
to the source to assure ourselves of prime examples and prime costs,

are grown. We make it a point to go right
which are passed on to you.

As we go to press, two members of our firm, Jack Aaron and James Beard, are exploring the vineyards of
France, Germany, Spain, Italy and Portugal to bring their best to you. We hope you have as much pleasure

browsing through these pages as we did creating them.

Here is a story to fascinate all wine
lovers our associate Jack Aaron,
equipped only with a sledge ham-

mer. smashed through 28 inches of

best we have seen in Europe

the year.

for the proper storage of wines.

to your Summer living.

stone below our present under-
round warehouse space and found
amazing, dramatic cellars that have
been in existence over a century
right here in New York, near the
Hudson River. The cellars, medie-

val in character, the equal of the

cause of the 45 feet depth below the
earth. maintain on even tempera-

ture of about 55 degrees throughout

Built before the Civil War by a
brewery, we were amazed by the
architectural beauty vaulted ceil-
ings of stone and arches of brick. In
our opinion, these conditions are

unmatched anywhere in the country

The wines and spirits that are being

offered are presently resting 10 these

their delightful qualities to add joy

 
   
  
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
   
   
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

%

deep cool cellars, ready to ofler§
