MADISON AY EN UE

SANTA CLARA VALLEY WHITE WINES FROM SANTA CLARA VALLEY Pet

Bottle
Viost of the better Santa Ciara vineyards are located in the W70 Folle Blanche L938. Ene: Meartini® 1.09
o /
foothills of the Santa Cruz Mountains which tower high Possesses a delicacy and freshness suggestive of Still
. . : : Champagne or light Chablis.

above the valley floor. High in the hills can be found the
great Paul Masson vineyard which is frequently referred to Dry White Signature Wine.
as the ‘‘Romanee-Conti of America.” It is a privilege indeed Paul Masson
rOf US 10 represent this fine winery in the New York alGa, A fresh, light-bodied white wine. Completely dry, of

: splendid character and remarkably well-suited for

The public has already discovered that several of the Paul every day table wine.

\lasson wines equal the best efforts of first-growth French
Still Champagne 1938, Paul Masson

: : : ; A natural wine of the very finest vintage Champagne
to bottle its wines, shows great future promise. It Can be said stock, bottled in its first Spring. Possesses a charming

freshness. It is the only Wine of its kind produced in

that if this nation can ever give birth to a Chateau Latour Riecias.

chateaux. The Almaden Vineyard, which has just started

or a Clos Vougeot, it probably will happen in Santa Clara

OU as Pinot Blanc Vrai 1938, Paul Masson 25 $6.00
ie A wine of great character and exquisite aroma. Full
bodied and completely dry. One of America’s great

white wines.

RED WINES FROM SANTA CLARA VALLEY Per

Bottle

R61 Cabernet, L. M. Martini ae ROSE (PINK) WINES FROM SANTA CLARA VALLEY
lhe Villa Vista vineyard in Santa Clara County is

now owned by the University of ( alifornia. From there R73 Cabernet Rose 1938. Paul Masson ; : |.&9 wi7
comes this excellent Cabernet. Since the vinevard had

no bottling facilities, L. M. Martini did the bottling. Light, fresh and fruity, the color of this exquisite wine

makes its charm complete. Served chilled, it goes well
Burgundy, Noy itiate De Los (zatos .. : ee with almost any meal.

Californians are very fond of this red wine. We

{rank a bottle at a restaurant recently and found it

surprisingly good.

‘ : oh, : NOTE PLENDID SMALL-BARREL COOPERAGE AT PAUL MA N VINEY
Cabernet Sauvignon, La Questa ; : é ealeid ia ieetsiass

On most of the California wine lists of the early 1900's.
the most expensive Cabernet listed was that produced
by E. H. Rixford at the La Questa vinevard. Voday,
this old-fashioned winery is being run by the sons of
Mr. E. H. Rixford. Frank Schoonmaker spotted this
yne tor us. To arrive

|

Jry Red Signature Wine.
Paul Masson

\ splendid, relatively light-bodied, dry red table wine.

Made from grapes native to the Burgundy district of
France

Gamay Beaujolais, Paul Masson

Color superb, bouquet and flavor unmistakeably varie-
tal. Not as big and pretentious as the Pinot Noir, but
in its modest way beautifully balanced.

R71 Cabernet Sauvignon 1938.
Paul Masson

I his Cabernet is complete evidence of the gre atness
that can be achieved by American wines. Very few of
France’s red wines can surpass this aristocrat pro-
luced on an American mountain vinevar i.

 
