 

SAN BENITO COUNTY

The sandy loam hills of the Cienaga Valley grow the

A large portion of its excellent plantings of ““Franken-Riesling”’ grapes are

owned by Mr. Valliant

RED WINES FROM SAN BENITO COUNTY

RSI Cabernet Valliant

Most of San Benito County’s 1,600 acres of vine lie in
the lowlands and will not produce anything except

re l itively common wine He re is one ot the exceptions

R83 Burgundy, Valliant

We have tasted this stout wine on a dozen occasions
Each time we were Impressed by its softness and
]

pleasant bouquet,

WHITE WINES FROM SAN BENITO COUNTY

W80 Sylvaner, Valliant

Part of San Benito County is splendidly adapted for
the production of the Svylvaner grape. Light and fresh,
it is close to Alsatian wine in character.

W82 Johannisberger Riesling, Valliant
Unfortunately, there are entirely too few acres planted
with the “Johannisberger Riesling” grape. It produces
one of the best of American white wines.

Believe it

county's best vines.

Per
Bottle

Id

OF not; here Is a

shipment of California Wine

destine¢

| for Europe.

MADISON AVENUE

FINGER LAKES REGION, NEW YORK STATE

Leif Ericson landed in the East, and he called this continent

“Vinland.” Right he was, for more grape varieties flourish
on this side of the Rockies than in any other equal area of
the world. Unlike California wines, which are made from

vines of European origin, Eastern wines are produced from

native American species and their hybrids. he very names

of the grapes, Catawba, Delaware, Elvira, Iona, sound as

American as a poem by Walt Whitman. Judged purely by

wine standards, the most important of the Finger Lakes are

Lake Keuka and Lake Canandaigua. From the shores of

Lake Canandaigua come some of the country’s finest white,

dry table wines. ‘Those produced at the impressive old winery

operated by the Widmer Brothers are particularly outstand-

Ing.

WHITE WINES FROM THE FINGER LAKES

2 Hillside Rhine, Widmer Bros.
A skillful blend of Eastern grape varieties with the
Delawares, Elviras and Catawbas predominating. A
satisfactory everyday table wine.

Chablis, Vintners

Another New York State blend of white wines pro
duced in Penn Yan at the northern end of Lake Keuka.

Lake Elvira 1939, Widmer Bros.

Pale straw in color. Elvira has a delightful fragrance
reminiscent of a young Moselle. Our favorite among
Eastern wines.

: aoe 2 re SD.
Lake Delaware 1939, Widmer Bros.
We thought this young thoroughbred sprightly and
fresh when first we tasted it at William Widmer’s
Lake Canandaigua home. Repeated tasting has con
firmed our original fondness.

Lake Dutchess 1939, Widmer Bros.
Although more bland than the other Eastern varietal
wines, the characteristic blossom-like bouquet still
asserts itself,

Lake Diana 1939, Widmer Bros.

An offspring of the Catawba, this grape was named in
1834 after the originator, Mrs. Diana Crehore of
Milton, Massachusetts. Possesses the characteristic
freshness and flowery bouquet of the native white wine
grape.

* Available in half-bottles.

Per
Bottle

a6

14.00

 
