MADISON AV EN YW

WHITE WINES FROM NAPA VALLEY—Continued Per WINES FROM SONOMA VALLEY—Continued Per Per
sottle sottle Case

W40 Riesling 1935, Inglenook* ... . 1.09 RSS Cabernet 1934, Fountaingrove ere acus a 13.00
Produced from the Franken Riesling grape. Frequently, Almost every European nation contributed a bit to
this grape is marketed under the varietal name of California viniculture. The Fountaingrove winery was
Sylvaner. Not unlike a from Alsace. built by Russian colonists during the last century.
. > Exceptional red wine is produced.
{ + y ( | a |
Semillon $7, Inglenook 7. oS Eee
is conde Hotel Sickles “Tks WHITE WINES FROM SONOMA VALLE)
1’Yquem, but never-
alternate to Sau- Wo60 Mt. Sylvaner 1939, F. Salmina’
es oe The Sylvaner grape is extensively planted in the vine
lraminer iy3S3. Inglenook* ‘ : : . : yards along the Rhine. In the cooler areas of Northern
1] California it produces a light, fresh, quick-maturing
dry wine.

\ lusty, full-bodied attair. Recommen led to those who
prefer their white wines to be aggressive.
a accel Sot
"460 Riesling, Beringer Bros Sylvaner 1937, L. M. Martini’
Chis satisfactory drv white wine comes from one of the We have been singing praises of this wine for the past
iF 1] fourteen months. Probably half the Alsatian wines
O cs wineries 1n Nal i \ 1iey

shipped to this country do not equal it in bouquet and

"+8 raminer 1939, Mt. St. Helena . . character.
na le balance and bouquet are achieved b is ric ae 5 a ‘ ' .
and bouquet are achieved by this lraminer 1939, F. Salmina
a : It isn’t often that one runs across wine as good as this.
) . | > ‘ 2 : pS : :
SU Riesling L939. Vit. tt. | elena 3 ‘ j : Certainly one of the five best American white wines
Here is a beauty. Certainly to be ranked with the best we have ever tasted. Recommended to those who are
white wines produced in the land. looking for full favor and breed.

Riesling 1939, F. Salmina* . ee
All California cannot boast of fifty acres planted with
the true Riesling grape. This happens to be made from

ROSE (PINK) WINE FROM NAPA VALLEY such grapes, and well made. Beyond question, it is the

best California Riesling we have ever tasted.
R45 Rosé, L. M. Martini’

‘his little pink wine is as unpretentious and gay as a

well-made wine. Makes an admirable luncheon wine.

ier picnic. It resembles closely the simple “vins
of the French countryside.

SONOMA VALLEY

Sonoma County probably contains the highest acreage of
fine grape varieties in California. Its plantings of Sylvaner
Riesling and ‘Traminer grapes some day will yield this coun-
try’s best equivalent of Rhine wine. Even today, the Riesling
and ‘l’raminer grown by F. Salmina possess unusual merit.

RED WINES FROM SONOMA VALLEY

rs “ie , rhe:
R Barberato, Tribuno
\ sty, il] flav red aff air. Its petillant sparkle lends
AC 1 charm onhipped in yarreis trom wx noma and
1 V

pottie (

Pinot

Noir 1935, Fountaingrove*

\ splendid example of the fullness and

i

lelicacy that
an achieve. Sonoma Valley has here

a lesser Burgundy.

 
