foes Feocess: Cerenoe CHAMPAGNES FROM CALIFORNIA—Continued
Degree of Champagne’s Dryness
S 5 Paul Masson Extra Dry
[he reputation of the famous Paul Masson vineyard
was first earned by its Champagne. And rightly so,
for hardly a grower in the Old World was more
thorough in cultivating the vineyard, and developing
the wine. We, at Sherry Wine & Spirits consider it no
small privilege to represent Paul Masson in the New
York area. This wine is recommended to those who
wish Champagne to be just mildly dry.

) os Pe

Paul Masson Brut

The same care and the same wine that created the
“Extra Dry” goes into the “Brut.” The difference is
purely one of dryness. This one is bone-dry and re
markably clean and soft on the palate.

) - : j \ ‘ 2
Paul Masson Pink Champagne 1931
Noteworthy for its fruity taste, its delicate, exquisite
bouquet and distinctive color. A perfect choice fo1
the gay, festive occasion.

Paul Masson 1937 Brut
Champagne can only be as good as the grapes that go

into it. Made from the selected Pinot Blane grapes of

\ \I Ik hr | CA N cr [A V1 PA( rN KS the 1937 vintage, its character and subtlety is enhanced

by complete natural dryness.

Unquestionably, American Champagnes are not identical in CHAMPAGNES FROM NEW YORK STATE

taste with those produced in the Champagne district of
France. Nevertheless they are good in their own right and

+

S21 Vintners Brut’ .
: aa , Possesses unusual homogeneity and balance. Dry, fine,
frequently prove wholly charming and delightful. As in and modestly priced, it is ideal for the wedding party
France, true American Champagne is a product of two oo ee
separate fermentations, the first in cask, and the second in , i. sates ee
s eS ce : : aoe : ere we do not find an imitation of French Cham
bottle. lt is the second fermentation that produces the Shane, but eros. Anieciews velne piade from native
identifying sparkle, since the gas generated during the fer- grapes. A well-made, pleasant sparkling wine with the
mm - ; ecu Oe a 3 he characteristic taste qualities of the Delaware, Ilona,
mentation cannot escape but must remain imprisoned in the Selva and Catawhe orcoes,
bottle. In the past six months, we have compared close to Great Western Brut Special
sixty native champagnes. hese were selected as the best. “Brut Special” is the accepted standard for good
Eastern Champagne. The Finger Lakes region was
CHAMPAGNES FROM CALIFORNIA ae ee practically wilderness when Great Western started

: : making this wine way back in the 1860’s. A sound,
Bottle Case

; ; : : honest, satisfying wine.
Korbel Sec 193 oe oe eee $2.00

> in half-bottles.

Korbel Sec has been famous on the Pacific Coast for a

has been made for over fifty years, and

1915 won the highest award at the
Sxposition. It has been eight years in
‘ : | cannot be cheap. Well-
1 not

kos ae
Korbel Brut 19. uo 44.00
This is a special bone-d1 uvee prepared in ac-
corda ith Frank Schoonmaker’s specifications.
is made entirely from European grape varie-
tiles, 1t 18 much cl

made in New ¥

yser to French wine than Champagne

State. One of America’s best wines.

= As in France, the Champagne
bottles are turned in their
racks to prevent natural sedi-
ment from adhering to the

sides of the bottles.

 
