WHITE WINES FROM LIVERMORE VALLEY—Continued

Per Per
Bottle Case

W18 Chateau Cresta Blanca, Cresta Blanca 1.29 14.00
Many firms identify themselves closely with one pat
proud of that wine. Here
and it’s as winning

1 nope ror.

Sauvignon Blanc 1937, Wente Bros.’ 44 16.00
ul rancisco Exposition in 1939 awarded only
to white wine. Here is the wine that re
1. Full-bodied and sturdy, it recalls the

: ) ; 10Q02Q y eg
inot Blanc L958, Wente Bros.
he rea white Burgul lies are made from this

will find exceptional breed and delicacy

ling wine of Livermore Valley.

S FROM LIVERMORE VALLEY

Red Wine, Wente Bros.’

If one likes Claret, here he can find a soft and fairly
full wine that can serve as a satisfactory understudy.
Claret, Cresta Blanca
Livermore Valley does not produce outstanding red
wines but they do make several that are suitable for
everyday drinking. This would serve beautifully.

\lourestel 1937, Wente Bros.*
We were quite impressed by the softness and the SUNKEN GARDENS, BEAULIEU VINEYARD

complete roundness of this pleasant wine. Probably the NAPA VALLEY

nicest red wine we have tasted from the Livermore

Valley. Pag . : . ‘ ;
"his fortunate wine valley is only thirty-five miles long and

Chianti, Cresta Blanes... fr a mile to five miles wide. Its plantings of Cabernet and
Dressed up in the traditional wicker bottle, this soft, LOM! Aa MAG tO VG Galics Wie. ts p antings QO ADERINICE aim
light wine should prove exceedingly popular. Pinot Noir have resulted in some of the finest red wines pro
segs Deron duced in the land. White wine has not yet achieved equal

success in this area. Along the floor of the valley are strung

its important wineries, Beaulieu and Inglenook at Ruther-
ford, L. M. Martini and Beringer Brothers at St. Helena,
and I. Salmina further north, towards Calistoga.

Pe
RED WINES FROM NAPA VALLEY Bottle

mit ee. wy ie, be VL arti Wee,
America’s closest approximation to the “vin ordi
naire” of France. Sturdy, full-bodied, it goes wonde1
fully well with steak or cheese.

Ris Zinfandel, Mt. St. Helena

The popular Zinfandel grape is turned into an agree
able table wine in this instance. Unpretentious, but
entirely satisfactory.

-bottles.

MADISON AVE

 
