 

  
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

We Invite You
to Share Some
of Our Christmas
Discoveries

Wines, spirits and gifts that reflect indi-
viduality, good taste and imagination...
where there is always time to discuss
your choice, to advise in an unhurried
atmosphere . . . where the prices are the
lowest in town...where delivery before
Christmas day can be relied upon...
where, in short, Christmas shopping is

ajoy...

As 1969 ends, the alert con-
sumer has pleasantly dis-
covered that the prices of his
favorite spirits have not fol-
lowed the inflation graph, but
are actually costing him less
than they did a few years ago.

However, this is not true of the
better table wines of Europe
and America. The reasons are
obvious — there is only just so
much fine vineyard soil, the
cost of productions goes up an-
nually and world demand ex-
pands geometrically. The
economic implications are ap-
parent. Now, not next year, is
the time to anticipate your
wine requirements, before
higher replacement costs will
be reflected by unavoidable
escalation.

In the last analysis, it remains
the merchants responsibility to
taste critically, the wines and
spirits that he offers and help
guide his clientele to discover,
within each class, the best that
can be obtained in relation to
taste, integrity and price.

Open until 9:00 P.M. every evening, Dec. 8th until Christmas
TERMS OF DELIVERY: No charge for delivery within vast U.P.S. area on orders

of $15.00 or more. This includes Long Island and W

add $1.25 delivery charge.

Beyond U.P.S. zone, but within New York Stat
$9.50 for shipping and handling on each order, r

estchester. Below $15.00, kindly

e, there is an additional charge of
egardless of size. This reflects the

minimum charge that trucking companies impose on Us. However, there will be no
$9.50 charge for shipping on any single delivery that exceeds $150.

Of course, 6% sales tax must be added for delivery within New York Citv — and the

appropriate sales tax that applies to a community elsewhere in New York State.

 

 
