    
  
 
 
 
  
   
 
  
  
  
 
   
 
  
 
   
  

 

  

  

 

St. Edmund Hall

Our associate, Sam Aaron, only recently delivered
a paper at Oxford University entitled, ““Wine, Science
and Pleasure”. Should any of you want a copy of
this paper, we will gladly mail you one on request.
The wines and spirits listed below proudly bear the
name of St. Edmund Hall, one of the 32 individual,
independent institutions of learning which, collec-
tively, comprise the University of Oxford. St.
Edmund Hall dates its origin back to the 13th
Century, and much of the original building still
stands.

It is with a sense of pride that we offer these care-
fully selected wines and spirits to the discriminating
drinkers of New York.

Bottle Case

SCOTCH WHISKY below ‘below

S1 The Scotch of St. Edmund Hall 6.96 79.51

A Scotch Whisky of exceptional balance and rich flavour. It has de-
lighted undergraduates and Fellows of St. Edmund Hall for generations.
You will share their enthusiasm for its harmonious balance and full
maturity. The Oxford scholars, glass in hand, delight in quoting from
Robert Burns, ‘Freedom and whisky gang thegither.’

Bottle Case

BRANDY below below
S2 Pale and Dry English Market Cognac 11.96 136.51

England has a long history of being the world’s most discerning critic
of Brandy. The Oxonian takes it seriously and requires that it be pale,
dry, delicate and of superior finesse. This mature spirit has passed: the
rigid St. Edmund test. In the Senior Common Room the learned scholars
delight in a ‘spot of good Cognac’ with their coffee and cigars.

IMPORTED GIN Battle Case

below

$3 London Dry Gin 6.00 70.51

A superlative spirit distilled at 90 proof, with a flavour approved by
generations of members of St. Edmund Hall. In Oxford, it is drunk with

water and bitters, or with Vermouth. A pure spirit which will do honour

to any long drink, or to Dry Martini.

MEAD
In the Oxford tradition

Bottle Case
S9 Archbishop’s Mead 349 38.75

One of the oldest drinks in the Western World: a fermentation of honey
and grape-juice, it was the traditional drink of the Anglo-Saxon aristoc-
racy when they gathered in the ‘Mead Hall’. King Alfred is the reputed
founder of Oxford University, and his drink, Mead, is still consumed
here. It can be taken like wine with any meal and is an unusual drink at
any time. Serve with gin, vodka or rum—or as a long drink with bitter

lemon, tonic or iced lime juice. Wassail!

The Wines & Spirits of
St. Edmund Hall

in the University

of Oxford

All St. Edmund Hall
selections bottled in this
intriguing rough-hewn,
18th century oxford
bottle.

 

The College Crest

SHERRY
The most popular drink of Oxford

Bottle . Case
S4 High Table Fino Sherry 3.49 39.75

The Fellows, in their long black gowns, sweep to their places at High
Table—the Senior Fellow taps his gavel—the undergraduates rise—and
then the Fino Sherry is served. Thereafter, the famous Oxford conversa-
tion flows freely, ideas are exchanged, and wit sharpens on wit. It is out
of this tradition that his honourable pale dry Sherry was born.

S5 Abingdon Amontillado Sherry 3.79 42.75

St. Edmund of Abington occupied the exalted seat of Archbishop of
Canterbury from 1234 to 1240. He was the first Oxonian to become
Primate of the English Church and the first to be canonized. This re-
markable Sherry, bearing the name of the town in which St. Edmund
lived, is distinguished by fulness of flavour coupled with a clean, dry
finish. We know of no Amontillado which is superior.

S6 Cyril’s Own Cream Sherry 4.95 55.75

Cyril, the butler, has loyally served the College for over thirty years and
is still here today. Cyril advises freshmen in choosing the right wines;
mixes the punch; prepares the ‘Loving Cup’ from an ancient and secret
recipe; and recommends the Sherry. Here is ‘Cyril’s Own’ Cream Sherry,
the one served at tea-time and prior to the weekly ordeal of the tutorial.
_Rich, full, dramatically luxurious, very old, and the peer of any Cream
Sherry on the market.

PORT AND MADEIRA

Bottle Case
S7 Senior Common Room Fine Tawny Port 3.49 39.75

The cellars of Oxford are world-renowned for the impeccable qualities
of their Tawny and Vintage Ports. The Port ceremony—the table is
cleared; its mahogany surface is resplendent with fruit, bowls of nuts,
candelabra; Port glasses are lifted, accompanied by the ritual salute,
‘CENTLEMEN, THE QUEEN.’ This is the very Port that has been used
countless times for such occasions.

S8 Dry Rainwater Madeira 3.79 42.75
t St. Edmund,

Mr. R. E. Alton, our Shakespearian scholar and friend a
1 for a cup of

reports, ‘Falstaff was said by Poins to have sold his sou

Madeira. It is probable that Poins was talking about the rich, heavy, and
sweet Bual or Malmsey Madeira. Here, we recommen
Madeira which is light, relatively dry and pale. It i
chilled, as one would a dry Sherry, before dinner. Exper
the best example of Rainwater produced on the island of Madeira.

d a Rainwater
s often served slightly
ts tell us it is

 

 

 

  

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

%
*

  
