   

TAGE

bles
ave,

Le

ards of Pouilly.

1 sadder — only

vorld! This Was
nal quality, the
S are asking a).
leyard, and ap
all Praying fo;
cellars,
sht and ‘before.
of the Rt. Hon,
=scaped the sad
t will be the Jot
id, in turn, the
1 tO Our wine

nest Marples js
eaders who fol-
V his name has
sion among dis-
in the United
re that Ernest
le of Winston
together after
elled the high-
ritain, particu-
rt to London.
rbinet Minister
ral, and Jater,
acclaim as the
fic work.’ And
st active mem-

eadily compro-
lustry or wine.
a shown here,
lence and will
to your dinner
es from a spe-
ttled — either
wned by Mr.
licated neigh-
e best vinicul-
llage involved.

1] these wines
cally so. You
es reflect only
not the much
ost, which ap-
nes will move
tember 1st—
argain. While
Jars, you ca?
pportunity 0
supplemente
eaujolais Vil-
_all produced
intage — 4"
add its ow#
four summe!

The Rt. Hon, Ern-
est Marples shown

entering the House
of Commons to par-

ticipate in a Par-
liamentary debate.

 

Do you have friends who like to adventure
and compare many different wines? Why not
send them this rack holding nine different
Marples wines? And, if you have an enthusi-
asm for wine, why not simply send one of
these racks to yourself?

We happily report that there is a saving in-
volved. The rack retails for $12.00, but we
charge you only our cost, which is $4.95.

If you consider the regular retail price of
$12.00 for the wine rack, and added the cost
of the nine bottles of wine, the total would
be $34.01. However, we are offering a special
price of $25.95 for the rack and its contents
— a savings of $8.06.

 

MIXED CASE OF
ALL 9 WINES —
1 OF EACH... only

Complete with
Wine Rack

If you wish 9 wines without the wine rack, simply deduct
$4.59 from the total — the net cost to you would then be —
$21.00.

No. Bottle Case
eo), BEAUJOUAIS' 0 . , 27 eee 20.25

The most popular and best loved wine of France at astonishingly low cost. Reached
new heights in disarming charm during the 1969 vintage. Not a commercial wine,

but an estate-bottling from one of the most respected growers of the region, Pierre
Julien.

289 BEAUJOLAIS VILLAGES ... 1.99 22.28

From one of the 35 outstanding villages of Beaujolais, with more depth, alcohol and
flavor than the more basic Beaujolais listed above. The -proud estate-bottling of
Louis Coindard, a respected grower.

a>, MIORGOMe: 2 Se. ee ae 24.21

Slower to mature than other Beaujolais, and rather similar in its development
characteristics to its Burgundian neighbors to the north. Less fruity during early life,

but compensates by improvement with the passage of time. Estate-bottled, Henri et
Robert Cotillon.

a0 SSUDUONAS 2 Grains « Le beeetae~ goes

A firm wine of unusual distinction, with excellent balance and fine texture. Estate-
bottled, Antoine Benas.

$70 FLEURIE, LA TREILLE . . . . 2.49 26.96

We now turn to the personal vineyard property of Ruth and Ernest Marples, which
occupies some of the best land of the renowned commune of Fleurie. Amazingly
fresh, with much fruit and charm. Estate-bottled, Rt. Hon. Ernest Marples.

2004 CHIROUBEES =) . . . 6% 92359 Jeaee

It requires the persuasiveness of a Cabinet Minister to get any ‘Chiroubles’ at all —
the scarcest of all wines of Beaujolais. It is the very wine that is featured, at this very
moment, in the best bistros of Paris such as Allard, Bistro 121, La Bourgogne, Chez
Georges, Lyonnais and Chez Pauline. Get a case and relive the joy of Paris dining.
Estate-bottled, Simon Petit.

202° MODLIN-ASVENT .-. 2°... .. 2OG aes

Burgundy has its Chambertin and Clos de Vougeot. Beaujolais has its ‘“Moulin-a-
Vent” — far and away the best red wine growing area of the Macon — and always
the most expensive. This wine will live long — at least eight years of fruit and
sturdiness lie ahead. The grower, Mr. M. Chantin, is rightfully proud of his estate-
bottled wine.

394 BEAUJOLAIS VILLAGES BLANC 2.19 24.21

Chateau de Chaintré is the proud 15th Century Chateau property of Ernest Marples.
The Chateau is a fairy-tale version of a castle and is surrounded by a picturesque
moat. Beyond the moat there are vines that produce a delightful white wine — dry,
fruity, fresh and delicate. For those who want to drink Pouilly-Fuissé and are pre-
pared to accept the expression “Beaujolais Blanc’? on the label in exchange for a
saving of $12 the case — here is your ‘best bet.’ Estate-bottled, Chateau de Chaintré.

397° POUILLY-FUISSE. . oe aoe

The price of Pouilly-Fuissé at the vineyard has almost doubled because the harvest
is half of normal. Estate-bottled Pouilly-Fuissé, in general, will be almost $5 the
bottle by the Fall. Good for another five years. An outstanding, dry, clean example
grown and estate-bottled by Jean Lacoste.

 
