 

The World Of

The Wonderful Spirits Of Poland

Every word th

at follows is a direct quotation from the ENCYCLOPEDIA OF WINES &

SPIRITS by ALEXIS LICHINE—the newly issued 700 page volume that has won plaudits from

the press, including the following comments by Craig Claiborn
s decade, and one that will doubtlessly remain in a class of its own

uch-discussed and brilliantly researched—

of the rarest volumes of thi

for decades to come . .. it is the long-awaited, m

Encyclopedia of Wines & Spirits by Alexis Lichine.”

Vodka, the drink associated with Poland,
has been made there for hundreds of
years. Indeed, people say that Vodka was
originally Polish, not Russian. In the
Middle Ages, the Poles made the spirits,
first as a medicine, then as a drink, in
monasteries.

Vodka is now seldom made from pota-
toes ... generally, spirits come from grain
—often rye. A finished product, such as
the well known VW YBOROW A, should be
neutral, mild and crystal clear. In the last
decade, export figures have risen by 800%.
Polish Vodka is considered to be a very
chic drink in France. The recommended
way is to drink it freezing cold; a Pole

 

will probabbly take the bottle from the
ice compartment of his refrigerator and
have it brought to the table in an ice
bucket; he may serve it not only at the
beginning of a meal, but throughout.

Especially characteristic of Poland, and
much liked abroad, is the ZUBROWKA
Vodka with the Bison on the label. This,
when it is the genuine, high-quality spirit,
is flavored with the wild ‘holy’ grass which
the Zubrowka or Polish Bison loved to eat
in the forests of eastern Poland. This
Vodka, pale olive green in color, has an
odd, subtle taste and scent; and in each
bottle there is a blade of grass. A glass of
Zubrowka is traditionally offered to re-
turning hunters in the region of the Bia-
lowieza Forest.

 

STARKA, a very old type of Vodka, is
made from rye, distilled at lower proof
than the Wyborowa, aged in oak wine
casks, and afterwards blended with wine.
The resulting drink, bottled at a strong
100 proof, is dry, with a characteristic
flavor and a pale brown color.

WISNIOWKA, a cordial made from
black cherries, is the most popular abroad
(it is bottled at a high 80 proof—also
available is another Polish Cherry Liqueur
called WISNIAK which is bottled at a
mild 48 proof).

e in the New York Times, “One

 

A Polish specialty—OLD KRUPNICK
HONEY LIQUEUR, is made from recti-
fied spirit honey and spices. This drink,
handed down from the Middle Ages, has
the peculiarity that it is served hot. The
legend goes that Giedymin, a Lithuanian
Prince of the 14th Century was saved from
freezing death by one of his knights who,
just in time, brought him a cup of the hot
liqueur.”

     
 

a

Editor’s Note: Also available from
Poland is the excellent BLACKBERRY
CORDIAL called ‘TEZNOWKA’ and
GOLDWASSER called ‘LTOTA WODA’
which is a natural liqueur, flavored with
herbs and spices, with flakes of genuine
gold floating in the liquid.

GOOD NEWS FOR THE CURIOUS
ALL OF THESE SUPERB SPIRITS
FROM POLAND ARE ON SALE

We are not permitted to quote prices
here by regulations—but, if you phone
or write, we will give you the happy news
immediately, Send these Polish liqueurs
and vodkas as an intriguing and novel
Christmas gift—or add that touch of in-
dividual distinction to your own holiday
dinners.

  

Jar
tiv
bo
col
int
sch

ani

 
