 
 
  
  
 
 
   

“A r Se Who 2 Salad eg
on ame sty A Remarkable

Collection of

Old Estate-Bottled
Red Bursundies

| | ne

r ak

 

From the Cellars of

 

 
 
  
 
  
  
 
   
  
   
  
 
   
  
 
   
    
    

we
\
Ly M. Roser Duchet
EL yy zg. Roger CECE.
The expanding market for fine wines throughout the world a Yy , Ui f y/ eCaune
has made it practically impossible to find remaining in the
cellars of Burgundy any authentic red wines of older vintages
of impeccable heritage and noble class. We had practically overlook the town of Beaune. M. Duchet was prevailed upon,
given up the search, when we ran into the good fortune of for the first time, to offer some of his own estate-bottlings,
acquiring a unique collection from M. Roger Duchet, a man including rare reserves of old vintages, for sale in the United
ties who has enjoyed the office of Mayor of Beaune for 30 years. States.
As Mayor, it is M. Duchet’s privilege to open the annual auc- All of these wines have matured under perfect conditions in
tion sale at the Hospices de Beaune. He has been a Cabinet M. Duchet’s cellars. Wines of this calibre, blessed by long
Minister; he is now the Senator from the Cote d’Or; but his bottle age, are true Burgundian jewels that should not be over-
S & J
greatest joy is still the cultivation of his own vineyards that looked by the serious wine drinker. Quantity limited.
No. Bottle Case
( 248 BEAUNE GREVES 1953... ...... %499 54.95
: All of the elegance for which the 1953’s are famous is magnificently retained in this wine. Soft, racy, extraordinary
‘/ balance and fine bouquet.
i 251 BEAUNE GREVES 1952... - . «7s. eee ee
{} From “Greves”, the most famous vineyard in Beaune, comes this truly remarkable 1952. “Big and fine, with extra-
ordinary body and bouquet”, read our tasting notes. The wine is sheer perfection for present drinking with every
lI indication that it will retain its stature for another five years.
IS )\ q
a 252 BEAUNE BRESSANDES 1947... .... 399 65.95
(I Ne i . x ae . . A .

i) Here red Burgundy reaches an apex in full expression—a rare 1947 in perfect condition. Wine of this calibre is no
ered the longer commercially available. It is the kind of wine that a vineyard owner might serve on rare occasions to honor his
most distinguished guests. Its availability in New York marks a truly exceptional wine event.

LOWIng (
AT ON oh AN ADVENTURE We are pleased to advise that you can acquire a mixed case
(4 each of the 3 vintages above) at the case price ol........ 60.50

 

IN TASTING

.. . Page Eleven
