   

   

our up-to-date Vintage Chart, please
write or phone for your copy . . . per-
haps the best white wine values on this
entire sale list are the three 1950 Rhine
wines we talk about on page 10...
one of the most engaging light red wines
I have ever tasted is the fruity, beauti-
fully balanced Beaujolais Brouilly 1953,
from the impeccable cellars of Domaine
des Tours.

MAY WINE

We have just received a new shipment
of delightful May Wine from the Rhine
and it is on sale at only 1.29 a bottle—
a timely wine indeed. If you want to
make your own May Wine, here’s how:
To one heaping tablespoon of dried
woodruff (available at leading grocers)

add a bottle of Moselle or Rhine wine.

Cover and_ refrigerate twenty-four

hours. Add three or four bottles of the
same wine, chilled. Serve as a punch
with strawberries as a floating garnish.

      

   

MAY -WINE
LIGHT (GRAPE) WHE FLAVORED WITH WOQDREFY

RQDUCE OE ERMA Y

 

SARS BINGEN: RHEN So Se

BURSTING WITH PRIDE

One of the most genial members of our
firm, Jack Aaron, is bursting with pride,
and understandably so. For, only a few
days ago, on May 5th, the “CHAM-
PAGNE PRODUCERS OF FRANCE?”
honored him at a party at the nearby
Carlton House for the contribution he
has made towards popularizing French
Champagne in this country. In particu-
lar, he was acclaimed for his creation of
the Bon Voyage cooler which popular-
ized iced Champagne as a unique and
exciting sailing gift. Thanks to Jack,
many travellers can now enjoy the pleas-
ure of chilled Champagne in their cabins
for the Going Away toast with their
friends. We are proud of “le Can-Can”,
proud of this unique honor bestowed on
our associate, and happy about being
able to offer you “Iced Champagné in
le Can-Can” to send your friends going
abroad this summer.

Awards do not come singly to the
Aaron family, for only two weeks before
his younger brother, Sam, won a Grand

Award in a national contest for his essay
on the responsibilities of the wine and
spirit merchant. I must say that his essay
was a fine portrayal of how to really
make the bond between the customer
and liquor merchant one of friendship
and belief—prime factors for a respon-
sible retail establishment.

SPEAKING OF CHAMPAGNE

The greatest Champagne of our genera-
tion, Bollinger Brut 1928, has just ar-
rived and is comfortably resting in our
cellars . . . other classic wines for the
Champagne lover are Moet Dom Perig-
non 1943, Pol Roger 1943, Roederer
Cristal 1949, and the impeccable vintage
Champagnes of Bollinger, Perrier Jouet,
Mumm, Krug, Clicquot, and the Heid-
siecks . . . and for true, bone dry, Eng-
lish Market Champagne, try Fortnum &
Mason Brut 1947, on sale for only $4.99
. .. the Gold Label Brut 1949 of Ayala
can also be had at this same low cost.

BOTTLE BROWSING

Some of my friends, glancing at the
press proofs of this catalogue, asked me
to go through the pages and single out
a few items that will add interest to their
summer drinking. Here are a few of my
enthusiasms ... I am delighted with the
freshness, youth and easy drinkability of
the “Fleur d’Alsace” . . . the unbeliev-
ably low prices of the fine Wisdom
Sherries had me drooling; particularly,
the clean, bone dry Fino Olivar which I
serve on-the-rocks as an interesting
spring aperitif . . . as for the Scotch
page, I know of no better harmony of
quality and value than Fortnum &
Mason’s Red Seal at only $5.59 ... and

6/5 QUART 86 PROOF

 

RED SEAL

Scotch Whisky

PRODUCT OF SCOTLAND

So rtnum 2 mM ason ftr.
Piccadilly, London WU,

being a Mint Julep enthusiast, of course,
the fine Old Jeb Kentucky Bourbon in-
trigues me . . . I have tasted all of the
pink wines and they are all wonderful
examples; my personal favorite is La

Reserve Rose 1953 from Provence .. .
as an interesting experiment towards
improving your Gin drinks try the im-
ported Fortnum & Mason while it is on
sale at 4.79 ...I am prepared to shout
from the rooftops that the best red wine

 

value in years is the “Cotes du Rhone
1952” at only .98; an excellent accom-
paniment to your charcoal broiled steaks

. the wine drinkers of France adore
Muscadet 1953 during the summer; a
real bargain at only 1.39... very few
Rhine wines have proven as exciting to
my palate as the Niersteiner Fuchsloch
1953; a vibrant, graceful, pale beauty
... the 1952 Clarets are all magnificent
and have an extraordinary future... in
my Opinion, a great white wine discovery
is the Pouilly Vinzelles 1953... another
interesting white Burgundy is the Clos
Blanc de Vougeot 1953 .. . “Marc de
Champagne”; I have tasted it in France
and loved it but never have seen it be-
fore in America; it’s a delightful Brandy
... . Beaune Greves 1947; what a red
Burgundy! It is now at its brilliant best
... and let us not overlook the fabulous
1953 red Burgundies .

RANDOM OBSERVATIONS

Recently, in Turin, I went through a
blindfold Martini tasting along with six
experts and we found that the driest
Martinis were made by a dry Vermouth
produced in the area, Cora .
good over the rocks too, or for the pop-
ular summer drink, Vermouth Cassis...
speaking of Cassis, did you ever try a
dry white wine with a dash of Cassis?
It’s light, different, and exceptionally
thirst-quenching (the prepared mixture
is on sale at only $1.79) ... Swiss Neu-
chatel still continues to be our best sell-
ing summer wine year after year...

-. (or ts
