 

9
7

wo on

500

Editors Note: Perhaps the pleasantest
responsibility of the conscientious wine
merchant is to visit the vineyards to keep
fully informed on current developments
in the wine world. Two of our associates,
Kenneth Dean and Jack Aaron, have
spent a goodly portion of the Summer
in the vineyards of Europe and briefly
report some of their impressions below.

Bordeaux
aie hard working wine

town; particularly so when an

unpromising vintage is in pros-
pect — as we go to press, it looks as
though the forthcoming autumn harvest
is destined to be poor because of an
overabundance of rain and insufficient
sunshine. It will take little short of a
miracle to have the 1954 vintage even
achieve an average rating. However,
the wine growers of Bordeaux are not
too depressed for surpassingly good vin-
tages are maturing safely in their cel-
lars — ’52 can now be classified as
being definitely great with ’53 promis-
ing to be even greater. Naturally, the
wines of neither of these years have yet
found their way into bottle and a good-
ly portion of time must still pass before
they will be ready to contribute their
glory to the dinner table.

Since the great red wines of 45 and
’47 have now disappeared from the cel-
lars of the Bordeaux wine merchants
and are no longer commercially avail-
able, we have but one great vintage in
bottle to count on for our special din-
ners and that is 1949. In Bordeaux,
they speak of this year with great
reverence and consider it quite the
equal of any of the great years during
the past decade — certainly, wines of
great softness, charm, finesse and bal-
ance. They are just coming into their
own with a long, long life ahead.
There is no question but that they will
be as hard to come by a year hence as
the 47s are today — so we suggest to
you to get them now by all means
while you can. Drink them with plea-
sure this winter, or put them away in
your cellar for an even richer reward a
year or two from now.

For those who like a wine that gives
the impression of greater maturity on
the palate, oddly enough, we suggest a
year that is younger — 1950 — a good
year that has come around rapidly.
although its wines do not quite have the
authority or body of ’45, ’47, and "49,
we think you will share the enthusiasm
of the Bordeaux wine grower for its
bouquet, fruit and charm — and, of
course, they are considerably less ex-
pensive making them far and away the
best claret values today.

Burgundy

The total production of authentic
estate-bottled Burgundies is amazingly
small; for example, the total yield of
a vineyard like Romanee Conti is only
about 400 cases and Le Montrachet not
much more than 1000. Because of the
great world demand and scarcity
among the great Burgundies, the care-
ful wine buyer finds them as hard to
come by as good seats to the World
Series. There is hardly a grower of
reputation in all of Burgundy who has
not already sold his good ’49s with
little of his ’52s still remaining unsold.

As in Bordeaux, the 1954 vintage in
Burgundy will surely rank as a medi-
ocre year with very few bottles getting
a passing mark. A cheerful aspect of the

Burgundy picture is that both the ’53s
and ’52s are absolutely superb with the

red wines being a shade better in ’53

 

and the whites definitely great, and
certainly better in ’52. Though the cel-
lars of Burgundy are depleted of their
’49s, some top flight examples can still
be found in the hands of the wine mer-
chant who looks to the future. For
example, at Sherry’s, you can still find
the great ’49s from the Domaine ‘de
la Romanee Conti and other noble
growers. Our advice to you is to add
them to your cellar now, before these
too are gone. As for the whites, don’t
overlook the estate-bottlings in ’52 of
such superlative growers as Ramonet,
Monnot, Dondin, Servin, Latour, etc.
Incidentally, the most exciting single
white Burgundy we tasted during our
entire trip was a Montrachet 1952 of
Monnot — though expensive, it is
worth it as an extraordinary wine ex-
perience.

Rhine and Moselle

Because of the northerly position of
the German wine growing district
(believe it or not, the Rhine and
Moselle Valleys are almost as far north
as Labrador), two great years in suc-
cession is an uncommon phenomenon—
it happened in 1920-’21, again in 1949-
’50, and once again in 1952-’53. In the

 

opinion of most German wine experts,
the 1953 vintage deserves the highest
plaudits and is quite up with the 1949
class on the Rhine but possibly not as
great, although extraordinarily fine, on
the Moselle. The wines are somewhat
less heavy than the 49s with more of
the freshness, fruit and delicacy, which
are the qualities we ordinarily look for
in German wines. As in most of
Europe, the 1954 vintage is an obvious
failure and the ’52s and ’53s will be
more at a premium, and go up in price
as time goes by. Both of these years
have matured very quickly on the
Rhine and Moselle, and as a matter of
fact, most of the ’53s have already been
put in bottle by the growers.

The German wine growers have
made great strides in their knowledge
of wine handling and are bottling more

quickly than they did in the pre-war
years. The present trend in Germany,
as almost everywhere else in Europe, is
towards younger, fresher and fruitier
wines. Only this Summer, we were
dining at the little country inns along
the Rhine already drinking the great
’53s with much pleasure and enthu-
siasm. Some of these have already
arrived in New York — try either the
Niersteiner Rosenberg Spatlese 1953 or
the Steinberger Cabinet Spatlese 1953
and we think you will share our en-
thusiasm for these young greats.
Though we are delighted with the ’52s
and ’53s, we do not wish to imply that
you should ignore the great 49s and
’50s — they are entirely admirable,
somewhat different, and afford their
own distinct kind of superior wine
drinking pleasure.

Fond Recollections

Comte de Villaine, the proprietor of
Domaine de la Romanee Conti, let us
taste his 1952 Romanee Conti, the first
vintage from his great vineyard that he
has gathered since 1945 (it’s great and
we happily report that a few cases will
reach our cellars next month) ... the
helm of two of the great Champagne
houses is manned by women — Mme.
Roederer who impressed us at dinner
with her remarkable 49 Cristal Cham-
pagne, and Mme. Bollinger whose
1947 will surely prove to be one of the
greatest Champagnes produced during
our generation . . . a lingering visit to
Fortnum & Mason’s wine crypt with
much tasting and wine talk in the
pleasant company of David Dennis,
managing director, and R. Maddox,
wine manager . the Rabelaisian
dinner at the historic cellars of the Clos
Vougeot vineyard in the jolly company
of the Chevaliers du Tastevin . . . im-
pressed by the beautiful new wine shop
of Justerini & Brooks on New Bond
Street, London . . . we felt we were
living two centuries back in the days of
Dr. Samuel Johnson as we lunched on
Roast Beef, Claret and Port in the
historic cellars of Berry Bros. of Lon-
don (By the way, the shops and res-
taurants of London once again reflect
abundance) . . . chatting with Leycester
Anderson, the most knowing and de-
lightful of whisky makers, at his
distillery, the home of our Glen Alan
Scotch . . . watching the sun set over
beautiful Paris from the deck of a boat
slowly chugging down the Seine.

 
