  
 

®
~
8
N
ms
g
©
om
~
Ry
S
v
=
4
i
ee
=
S
ad
on
~
8
ie
=
~
d
2
tome
~
fee
®
N
a
tow
v
2
hw
d
Q
2
2
°
fm
Ry

“Gre @ e678 OU se Oe wt 8 Ue ere

7
“*
_
«0

   

5

At Last!
The THOMAS HARDY Wines —

Australia’s Best Comes to America

Australia is vast, blessed by nature—enjoying many vineyard
microclimates, some duplicating the conditions of Bordeaux,
northern California or Burgundy. The versatility of Australian
soil has made it possible to produce a Cabernet Sauvignon as
in Bordeaux; a Riesling as on the Rhine; and a Grenache Rosé
as in the Rhone. The quality of the wines that we have received
from THOMAS HARDY has astonished us—and will delight you,
not only because of intrinsic merit, but also because you will
now be able to obtain superior wines at well below $3.00 the
bottle.

Thomas Hardy was a farmer from Devon who started his vini-
cultural endeavors in Australia during the 1850s. Dedication to
the grape and vineyard acquisitions continued through five
Hardy generations. Today, Thomas Hardy is chairman, having
served for three years as President of the Wine Makers Associ-
ation of South Austalia. His sons, Robert and David, have
degrees in oenology, have spent years in the vineyards of
Europe, and David has studied viniculture at the University of
California. The results of this family continuity, love of their
wine-making art and professional knowledge become apparent
when the wines are tasted. Informed wine friends tell us that
perhaps the best wines of Australia come from the cellars of
THOMAS HARDY & SONS.

RED WINES

No. Bottle Case

595 ST. THOMAS BURGUNDY 1970......... 2.49 26.90
Produced entirely from the Hermitage grape (the same as Syrah,
the best grape of the Rhone Valley) in the Tintara vineyard at
McLaren Vale, South Australia. Full-bodied, smooth—less tannin
than the claret.

593. NOTTAGE HILL CLARET 1970.......... 2.49 26.90
Named for Thomas Nottage, the nephew of the original founder.
The vineyard is on the site of his original 19th Century home.
Soft, balanced—in the style of a good Medoc.

582 CABERNET SAUVIGNON 1968 .......... 3.99 43.10
Highly rationed item—considered the best single wine of Aus-
tralia. 100% Cabernet Sauvignon, bottled in 1970 after two
years in small French oak casks. Big, vigorous, the kind of red
wine that will please the most advanced connoisseur, showing
at least 10 years of development ahead. Quantity limited.

WHITE WINES

577. MOANA WHITE BURGUNDY 1971....... 2.49 26.90
Medium to full-bodied; yet delicate—fresh bouquet. Rather like
a Pouilly-Fuissé.

535 JOHANNISBERG RIESLING 1971 ........ 2.49 26.90
Made from the Riesling grape of the Rhine. Grown in the Hunter
River Valley at a high altitude, enjoying a cooler summer. This
means the grapes ripen with less sugar, higher acidity, thus
imparting briskness, freshness and delicacy. A superb wine for
summer drinking.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
 
  

  
   
      

AUSTRALIAN WHITE BURGUNDY
DRY WHITE TABLE WINE

Vintaged from Madeira and Semillon grapes picked at full maturity

resulting in a distinctive bouquet, rich character and soft acidity.

 
 

  
 
   

 
   

BOTTLED BY THE MAKERS
THOMAS HARDY & SONS PTY. LTD.
OF SOUTH AUSTRALIA F38

  

 
 

 

 

Last Minute Wine Notes
As We Go To Press

1 — The S.S. FRANCE, for the first time in its history, has
scheduled a twelve-day culinary cruise, leaving New York the
night of Thursday, November Ist, returning 8:00 A.M. on
Tuesday morning, November 13th. The management of the
FRENCH LINE informs us that their famed chef, Henri Le
Huédé, because of the gastronomic nature of the cruise, will
attempt to bring to even greater heights, if that is conceivable,
the exalted level of haute cuisine that has been consistently
maintained afloat.

As evidence, we quote a recent New York Times, “The finest
French restaurant in the world is not, as one might suppose, in
Paris or the provinces of France. It is a place with a kitchen
that offers a moveable feast, so to speak, in Atlantic and Carib-
bean waters. The restaurant doesn’t have a name, but everyone
calls it the dining room of the S.S. FRANCE.” The world-
famous gastronomic critic, Joseph Wechsberg, has reported, “It
is common knowledge among people who consider themselves
gourmets that the ‘Chambord’ and ‘Versailles’ dining rooms on
the S.S. France are among the greatest of French restaurants,
though they are not listed in the Guide Michelin.”

As part of the activities on the culinary cruise, Craig Claiborne,
formerly Food Editor of the New York Times, and now co-
publisher, with Pierre Franey, of the Claiborne News Letter, is
scheduling aboard ship a series of food preparation demonstra-
tions and lectures. Sharing the responsibilities with him will be
Pierre Franey, formerly Maitre de Cuisine at the famed Le
Pavillon during the Golden Age when directed by the legendary
Henri Soulé. We are also proud to report that our associate at
Sherry-Lehmann, Sam Aaron, has been chosen to conduct a
Wine Academy aboard ship, incorporating wine tastings, read-
ing material, lectures and discussions. It all promises to be
luxurious, informative, pleasureable—all taking place amidst
the warming November Caribbean sunshine.

En route, the S.S. FRANCE will stop at Nassau, St. Marteen,
Martinique, Ste. Lucia, and St. Thomas. And then back to New
York, tanned, rested, and happy. Should you want further in-
formation about the culinary cruise on the $.S. FRANCE, we
suggest you write Irwin Lesser, Pierre Signorat, or Peter Rossi
at the French Line offices—555 Fifth Avenue. Since early evi-
dence indicates a quick sell-out of the space, we advise booking
early.

2 — TIME, in its current June 25th issue, is worth getting for
those who are concerned about rising wine prices. The article
compares the cost of wines two years ago against today; surveys
new trends in wine drinking habits; and provides a useful guide
to those who are seeking alternative wines, when their favorites
become so costly that they can no longer be afforded. Makes
good summer reading, providing not only information, but
entertainment.

3 — A pleasant summer note — Vermont has only one winery,
which makes refreshing, bone-dry, and utterly delicious white
wine—and the wine is made from apples, pursuing a pre-Civil
War tradition of New England. Frank Jedlicka brought us a
sample, we tasted it cool, together at the Carlton House—we
were astonished by its dry subtleness, finesse and refreshing
acidity—a most satisfying white wine for summer drinking that
tastes rather like a Macon Blanc, with just a hint of the fruit of
the apple. As a matter of fact, we thought so much of it that we
have brought it to you. Available for immediate delivery at
$2.99 the bottle, $32.30 the case.

We quote Frank Jedlicka, erstwhile Yale man, international
investment banker, and now Vermont wine-maker, “My life-
time dream has been to make dry white dinner wine from
nature’s bounty, other than from the grape, employing the same
high standards of production that characterizes the better Euro-
pean vineyards. It meant first obtaining the fresh juice of care-
fully, hand-picked Vermont apples. It also meant adding the
best of wine yeasts for proper fermentation, keeping the wine
cool during the long slow period of fermentation, no pasteuri-
zation, building proper wine storage facilities so the wine could
develop over a year-long period. I am happy to report that
several wine authorities, skeptical at first, share at least some
of my enthusiasm for the end product which has a faithful fol-
lowing in Vermont, but is only reaching New York for the first
time.” If curiosity compels you to test this native Vermont
product against your own palate, why not try a few bottles at
$2.99 each?
