 

VE WS! Until Now Restricted to California-
the Distinguished Wines of SONOMA VINEYARDS
Finally Arrive in New York!

Knowledgeable wine drinkers, who have spent time in
Northern California, bring back word of the excellence
now achieved at the better vineyards of Sonoma and Napa
Valleys. But they sadly relate that the outstanding exam-
ples—those grown from superior grape varieties at the more
dedicated vineyards—hardly produce enough to satisfy the
needs of the San Francisco area—let alone have sufficient

remaining to ship to other states in our nation.

It is therefore no ordinary wine event to report that Rodney
D. Strong, the founder and winemaker at SONOMA VINE-
YARDS has shipped for the first time the noblest examples
from his truly remarkable winery. (Incidentally, when you
are next in San Francisco, we suggest you drives 65 miles
north to the town of Windsor in Sonoma Valley. There you
will find an exciting architectural landmark winery, sur-
rounded by 500 acres of vineyard, overlooking the beauti-
ful Russian River. The attractive winery tasting room is
open seven days a week. You will view the impressive
barrel-aging room, watch the wine-making operation, and
enjoy the comparative tasting of the wines produced at
that very spot. Mr. Strong and his staff will make you
welcome.)

We must consistently remind ourselves to be aware that
American wines have now come of age and we can be
proud of what is produced within our borders. Perhaps we
have not yet achieved a Chateau Lafite-Rothschild or a
Montrachet—but we are well on our way. The wines of
SONOMA VINEYARDS represent the kind of character,
finesse, and flavorsome balance that can be achieved when
you start with the best wine soil of America—plant superior
grape varieties—and superimpose loving care, uncompro-

mising dedication, and knowledge.

Rodney Strong has now planted, or is about to plant, over
5,000 acres of superb vineyard land in Sonoma County, and
on these acres he continues to grow only:the important
varietal grapes of California—Cabernet Sauvignon, Pinot

Chardonnay, Johannisberg Riesling and Pinot Noir.

We proudly list the wines available below — offer them
enthusiastically to New Yorkers for the first time — and
strongly urge that your love for good wine move you to
acquire a mixed case, so you can share with us the joy of

wine discovery from within our own borders.

THE RED WINES OF SONOMA VIN EYARDS

No. Bottle Case

ean ea ree 2.49 26.90
Bright ruby in color, with much fruit. Outstanding value in good
red wine at this low price. Available in half-bottles at 1.41 each
—30.46 case of 24.

oe SNe er ee 2.69 29.05
Fruity, charming red wine: unique to California—interesting,
highly recommended. Half-bottles at 1.62.

829 eee eee RO eee 2.99 32.30
Made from the red wine grape of Beaujolais, flourishing beauti-
fully in northern California—fruity, delightful.

er eee ees eee 2.99 32.30
‘Petit Sirah’ is the classic grape of Chateauneuf-du-Pape. Rich,
deep in flavor, mouth filling.

 

10

No. Bottle Case

1173 ZINFANDEL 1970 IN MAGNUM. (yc. 6.49 34.95
Rodney Strong was proud of a special cuveé of his Zinfandel
1970. He was impressed by the fruit, depth, and earmarks of
longevity. He set it aside and bottled it in magnums, with a
handwritten type label. He thought the wine would develop in
more balanced fashion in the larger magnum size. He was per-
suaded to send us a few cases from this reserve.

Oi: PINOT NOM Or 3.99 43.10
Incomparable quality, small yield—the red wine grape of Bur-
gundy—excellent. Half-bottles at 2.15 each—46.44 case of 24.

647 CABERNET SAUVIGNON ............_. 3.99 43.10
America’s best red wine—made from Cabernet Sauvignon, the
grape that gives the red wines of Bordeaux their distintion.
Here is the kind of wine that should be bought now and laid
down for a year or two so that you Can experience in the future
the round, mature excellence that the best red wines of Cali-
fornia can aspire to. Half-bottles at 2.15 each—46.44 case of 24.

 
