  
 

 

 

were off seriously. This makes

three relatively small ae in
1975, 1976 and 197/ —

Reprod uced from

The New York Times a row —
Magazine, 11/19/78 particularly in Bordeaux.
With demands for fine wines at

an all-time high, prices prob-

ably will continue to rise.
One bright spot in the pic-
: ture is Beaujolais.
DY arge aS 1976’s
a __ which was very big — and
Frank ) Prial the quality is said to be as good
or better. The same is true of
the Cotes du Rhone. Both re-

scribed as ood, soft wines, not
: and therefore It is the fall of our cu

loping, @S were

overly tannic
not slow in deve
the 1976’S.

WINE LIST

“A Burgundian with 10 bar-
rels of good wine in his cellar
will keep five,” said Peter A.
i interview. ‘*7t’s
better than money in the bank,
and besides, he likes to know
it’s down there in his cellar.”

In the
region will again produce a
small crop — on y half of a

normal vintage.
ally better than what took

place in 1977, when, devasted
by frost, many vineyards

The grape harvest is over in Europe
__ put only just. It’s the latest it’s been gions produced relatively poor
since 1926, which means one of the la- wines In 1977 and, because the produced only 20 or 30 percent
test ever in the vineyards of France and quantity was small, prices of their normal harvest. Ac-
Germany. shot up. The increase this year cording to Louis Metaiream,
should be relatively mild be- one of the best-known growers,
cause there will be a lot of .the 1978 muscadet is a preat
wine. one, but prices are completely
Some Burgundy growers are out of hand.
talking about this year’s : .
wines’ being similar to the leg- Ironically, although wine
endary 1961’s. (in fact, these prices will rise everywhere,
have not et completely many will be at their highest in
sed into legend. [had a 1961 this country. In Germany,
Richebourg recently, courtesy where the 1978 crop Was not
of Mr. Alfred Knopf, and it was fully picked until well into
superb.) Most of the better November, thereat In
; _ only abou
burgundies this year are de er icenie ts verse {hy percent
rrency in

relation to theirs
such very high prices for
wines in the United States.

Ae a proprietor of a
oe . ru Lo vineyard
: -cently visite 5, ©
know of no wine ee
France, England or Anas
who matches the Shag
any Wine List in a
riety, depth of diventony
ne expert selection of the
yest wines produced on Hie
globe. What amazes n
most is that many of ae
wines of France are quoted
in New York at prices wel
oy what they fetch in
Paris, Bordeaux, Londc
or Beaune.’ a

 

Said Mr. Lichine For
oe ae ean a The Italians, who might nor-
Remarkably, summer lingered long 1962’s, the 1978'S may be com- mally he expected to mov :
in the European wine countries. It parable, though certainly not quickly into the price gaPs
turned what could have been a disastr in price. Considering their created bY the French, have Py We wide
ous year into a good one — in some limited quantities of wine, the j4q a mediocre year in the eens oo this
places a very good one. Burgundians have engaged iN —_ piedmont, where Barolo, Bar- New Vane z : he
“Euphoric is the best way todescribe 4 price folly which, for the m° — pera and other famous T Makasiat: ee
oe attitude of the Borden growers,” ment, know® noi are produced, and a fair to we consider it the
said Alexis Lichine, who is one of them Reports on the white wines good year in Tuscany, whence 0 bl igation of a
“The grapes were really top quality of Burgundy are conflicting. comes Chianti. And, according vee merchant
and the wine jooks excellent.” Mr. Li- To such praise as “excellent to Barone Betino Ricasoli, the oe to ‘sell _
chine said that some Bordeaux enolo- wines’’ iS added the qualifier scion of one 0 the most fa- o ‘inform:
gists were comparing the wine to 1970 “when well selected.” Some mous Chianti-producing fami- a
ble vintages: reports from Chablis talk of lies, prices there, t00, are
ood, with nigh al- going up.
pensive white y

and 1966, poth memora

“The only complai
mal quantities,” Be eae report too much acidity. In all
The small quantity at Haut-Brion was instances, ee are an
not unusual. In fact, quantities in al- because of the cold spring,

ns of Europe prices are skyrocketing.

most all the wine regio

a

‘extremely B00°:
» But others

It is in inex
wines that the
stolen the marc

Europe — and
too, for that matter.

 

 

 

Italians have
h on the rest of
on California,

 

 

 

 
    
