An interesting geographical
note: here is a Vodka distilled
with water gathered from
1,000-year-old glaciers. Can
any water be purer? Taken
from the Greenland ice shelf
where the water today is prob-
ably as pure as it was when
the rains and snows first fell
ages ago. This water adds a
unique ingredient to the
Vodka: that distinguishes it
from others. Bottled in

a it for your own holiday
entertaining—orsenditasan z :
unusual gift. (100.27 case) a pment = eae 474 CABERNET SAUVIGNON 1973 ......... 3.29 35.75

  
  

  

Ask a Frenchman for a list of the great Champagne houses
of France, and he is certain to include among the first the
old and highly respected House of Lanson. Founded in
1760, Lanson sold in the 19th century primarily to the British
and received the Royal Warrent from Queen Victoria. Pro-
duction was small and the wine known only to a select few.
At the beginning of the 20th century, Lanson expanded its
acreage within the heart of the Champagne region and its
Proud product soon became known in all four corners of
the world.

     
       
    
   
   
   
      
  

is very dry, very effervescent, with
a smooth and beautifully-fruited taste. The bubbles cannon
up from the bottom of the glass and the flavor lingers softly
in the mouth. Its excellence is apparent. This is an extra-
Ordinarily fine Champagne for the happiest of occasions.

 
        
    
 
 
    
  
  
   
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
  
   

 
 

 

In 1977, we reported on the WINE DISCOVERY OF THE YEARin
the New York Times. The reaction was amazing—hundreds
tried the wines of Argentina’s for the first
time. The enthusiastic comments are still pouring in, along
with re-orders for additional cases. We quote one of America’s
leading wine writers who recently stated: “At the very least,
they (the Argentine wines) showed they can hold their own
against well-made French and American wines, and appar-
ently they can do it at extremely reasonable prices”

It is no ordinary event to be able to obtain wines of this quality
at only 35.75 the case. In an age of ever-rising wine prices, be
among the ‘first on your block’ to experience the appealing ex-
cellence of the wines produced in the Andean Mountains of
Argentina. Surely no open-minded wine lover can afford to
miss them.

AAG,

No. Bottle Case

re
mac tery (a

recur aaa

rl 1012: CHARDONNAY AS76s0. 3.29 35.75

Amazing red! Exhibits the character of a fine Medoc.

100% Chardonnay—the noble white wine grape of Bur-
gundy and northern California. Dry, with lovely bouquet
and flavor.

1014 CHENIN BLANC 19/5......3. 605. 2g 2.99 32.50
Medium-dry, fruity white—a first cousin to Pouilly-Fume.

     
         

 

 
 

13

  
