  

  

O you find yourself with a long
list of guests arriving for a

drink, many of whom you are certain
will linger for supper? Or are you
planning to serve a large group on
Christmas or New Year’s Eve and are
at a loss what to serve them?

Well, here is one of my favorite
buffet

holiday season. I sometimes substitute

menus for a supper for the
slices of cold turkey for the chicken and
follow the recipe in the same way. The
beef is roasted or purchased from a
good food shop and the tongue may be
cooked in advance and kept in the
refrigerator. All in all, it is not a
dificult menu, but one that is distin-
guished, and yet different.

This menu has been planned so that
if you should have an onslaught of more
people than you expected, you can add
to it quickly. The dishes are designed
to serve 6, but if you are expecting
more guests, double or triple the in-
gredients according to your needs. If
you are maidless, everything may be

An exciting Decanter
holding superb Czech
Blackberry Liqueur. The
Decanter was hand
blown and band painted
in Czechoslovakia. A
really unusual gift.
9.95 Complete

 

 

 

prepared in advance except the spa-

ghetti and the sauce. These take but a
few minutes. Your entire buffet may be
arranged and served within half an hour.

Let your guests have a cocktail or a
glass of chilled champagne and munch
on a few toasted nuts or cocktail bis-
cuits while you add the final touch to
“ntertaining: is really ex-

your table.
ceedingly simple if one plans ahead.

CHICKEN TETRAZZINI (6 Portions)

Select 2 young chickens, each weigh-
ing about 2 pounds. Cut them into
quarters, cover them with boiling water,
and let them simmer gently until the
meat is tender. After the chickens have
begun to simmer, salt the water to taste.
Let the chickens cool in the broth and
when they are cool, remove the pieces
and cut the meat into fine strips. Return
the bones and skin to the broth; return
the broth to the flame and simmer until
only 2 cups of broth remain. Strain this
and set it aside. Meanwhile, slice very
thinly 1% pound peeled fresh mush-
rooms, using both the caps and the
stems, and saute them in 3 tablespoons
butter over a low flame until they are
soft and slightly browned.

Cook % pound spaghetti in rapidly
boiling salted water until just tender,
drain, and keep it warm.

In a saucepan melt 3 tablespoons but-
ter and blend in 2 tablespoons flour. Stir
in gradually the 2 cups chicken broth

 

 

and continue to stir until it is smooth and
thickened. Stir in 1 cup heavy cream
and 3 tablespoons sherry. Add _ salt,
pepper and a little nutmeg to taste and
cook over a low flame, stirring, for 10
minutes. Mix half this sauce with the
cooked mushrooms and the spaghetti
and pour it into a generously buttered
baking dish. To the other half add the
strips of chicken and % cup sliced
truffles. Make a hole in the center of the
spaghetti and pour into it the chicken.
Sprinkle % cup Parmesan cheese,
grated, over the top and bake it in a
moderate oven (350° F.) for about 10
minutes or until the top is _ lightly
browned.

SALADE RUSSE

To a cooked and éooled vegetable
salad of diced carrots, green peas, and
snap beans cut in small pieces, add
smoked ox-tongue, ham, and truffles, all
cut in julienne style. Mix with mayon-
naise. Serve as a garnish to cold dishes.

 

SHERRY WINE AND SPIRITS CO., Inc. © 679 MADISON AVENUE  TEmpleton 8-7500
