  

HAT joyous and outgoing season
which brings with it some of the
pleasantest activities of the year is upon
us once more. It is a time fraught with
energy, replete with food and drink and
riotous with guests and entertaining.
There are a million and one things to
think of — last minute gifts (depend
upon Sherry’s for these), increased
stocks of food and liquor in the house,
decorations to go up on walls and tree
and innumerable small duties to be per-
formed, which at any other time of the
year would be aggravating details.
However, you are so imbued with the
gayety and pleasure of the Yuletide
that the petty annoyances are trans-
formed into fun and excitement.

INCE Tradition is not to be de-
= parted from, and is one of the
great joys of the Christmas-New Year
Season, we are repeating two favorite
holiday drinks because so many of you
have asked for them and want to re-
fresh your memory. The EGGNOG
Cad die LOM AND JERRY are both
unbeatable for Yuletide gatherings. In
addition, we should not forget the
famous old Wassail bowl which brings
to mind the carol:

“W assail, wassail all over the town.

WHISKEY EGGNOG (50 Cups)

Beat 12 egg yolks until light. Add
gradually 11% cups fine granulated sugar
and continue to beat until the yolks are
thick and light in color. Pour this mix-
ture into a punch bowl which has been
placed on a bed of cracked ice. Whip in
one quart heavy cream and | quart milk
and then add 1 quart rye or bourbon
very slowly at first, stirring constantly.
Let the punch settle for a few minutes
and lastly fold in 12 egg whites which
have been beaten until stiff. Serve with
a sprinkle of freshly grated nutmeg on
top of each portion.

OLD ENGLISH WASSAIL (50 Cups)

In a saucepan combine | cup water,
1 tablespoon freshly grated nutmeg, 2
teaspoons ground ginger, 6 cloves, 1%
teaspoon ground mace, 6 allspice ber-
ries, and a 2-inch stick of cinnamon.
Add 4 cups sugar and 4 bottles Sherry
or Madeira, and bring the mixture to
a boil. Strain.

Have ready one dozen baked apples.
In a large bowl, beat 12 egg yolks until
thick and light in color. Fold into the
yolks 12 egg whites which have been
stiffly beaten. Add the hot spiced wine,
very gradually at first,. and stirring
briskly with each addition. Add 1 pint
Cognac and the baked apples and serve
it while it is still hot and foaming.

TOM AND JERRY (12 Servings)

Beat 12 egg yolks until thick and
light in color. Beat in gradually 12
tablespoons fine granulated sugar and 1
teaspoon grated nutmeg. Use an electric
beater for this if possible. When ready
to serve, put one heaping tablespoon of
this egg-sugar mixture into a warm
mug. Add 1 jigger heavy rum, and 1
jigger rye, bourbon or brandy. Fill the
mug with very hot milk or water, and
serve with freshly grated nutmeg on top.

 

O go with these elegant potions
we are including some appropriate
food. Here is a recipe for Scotch Short-

SHERRY WINE AND SPIRITS CO., Inc. © 679 MADISON AVENUE ¢ TEmpleton 8-7500

    

 

; Sos
— a eurpe
#. cOMELE ac FOR

er
eee

bread, to my mind one of the most
delicious of holiday cakes. It has been
a must in all British homes for genera-
tions. It has just enough body to com-
plement the richness of the drinks and
it isn’t too sweet. We recommend it
heartily.

SCOTCH SHORTBREAD

Sift together 5 cups all-purpose flour
and 1% cups fine granulated sugar. Rub
I pound butter into this mixture and
turn it onto a board. Knead until it
cracks, adding more flour if necessary.
Roll the dough % inch thick and cut
into rounds or square cakes, crimping
the edges and pricking the centers with
a fork. Strips of candied peel or blanched
almonds may be used for decoration.

Place the shortbread on a cooky sheet
lined with brown paper and bake in a
slow oven (300° F.) for 25 or 30 min-
utes, or until they are delicately colored.

Ilow them to cool before removing
from the tin. This makes about 4 dozen
small cakes.
