 

Exciting Brandies

Rare

Hard-to-find

of

Europe

SL-ON- SALE-untiE MARCH tot

SHERRY Wine &S§ pirits Co
679 Madison Ave-New York
TEmpleton 8-7500

Page 10

SALE PRICE

We Regularly Bottle Case

1299 MARC DE BOURGOGNE (Clerget-Buffet) . 7.95 91.50
From the grape pressings of the great Cote d’Or yineyards comes this flavorsome, hardy Brandy. Very little of it is
d it is hard to come by. Aged for nearly ten years, we think it is safe to say, after tasting a dozen examples

made, an
that there is no better Marc available in France.

recently in Burgundy,

1300 MIRABELLE D’ALSACE (Estate of Hess) . 8.70 102.00

It is generally acknowledged that the best small distiller in all of Alsace is Alfred Hess. It is his ‘alcools blancs’ that

are served in the great restaurants of France,
d’Or (Dumaine). Remarkable for its bouquet, this extraordinary fruit brandy is made from little yellow plums,

largely cultivated in his own orchard. Price reverts to 9.70 on March 17th.

such as the Restaurant de la Pyramide (Point) and Hotel de la Cote

1297 SINGLE CASK UNBLENDED COGNAC . . 8.98 104.00

Here is an Estate-bottled Cognac that was produced during a great vintage year (1929) in the most celebrated part
of the Cognac country, “Grande Fine Champagne.” It has remained in its unblended state in barrels from 1929 until
the present date. Cognac of this calibre is hard to come by because no more than a few small growers have the
patience and aptitude to put aside, year after year, a distillation of their outstanding vintages. An extraordinary

Cognac opportunity that expires March 15th.

1304 ARMAGNAC GRANDE RESERVE (J. Beyrie) 14.75 165.00
This treasured Armagnac of Monsieur Beyrie is an authentic, unblended Brandy of the 1918 vintage. And, we believe,
the oldest and the best of the district. We first met Msr. Beyrie two years ago... he guided us to his farm along a
series of little travelled roads and through oak forests. Finally, at the end of a narrow lane, we came to an old
manor house, its half ruined walls surrounding a grass courtyard. Monsieur Beyrie took three huge keys from his
pocket, opened a series of doors and led us into his dark treasure house, his CHAI. . . . There were some thirty casks

in all, of various ages — Armagnacs of a class that we had never before encountered.

Of the oldest and best, there were just four casks — each untouched since 1918. It is from one of these casks that
comes this remarkable “Grande Reserve” — the finest Armagnac we have ever tasted, and fully the equal of any other

Brandy we have ever experienced.

1248 COURVOISIER SPECIAL OLD COGNAC . 20.00

This octogenarian traces its ancestry back to the 1870s. From the oldest reserves of the world famous Courvoisier
cellars, this remarkable Cognac is undoubtedly the most venerable and unusual that has reached our shores since
repealtiach gold engraved label bears its own individual number and gives information about its pedigree. Only
80 bottles temain. This offering expires March Ist.

A Tennessee Spirit

America can be proud of

Case

2025 JACK DANIEL 11% YEAR OLD Bottle
TENNESSEE SOUR MASH WHISKEY 15.00 1 71.00

We are proud possessors of 20 cases of one of America’s most remarkable spirits — 11%
Year Old Jack Daniel! Back in 1946, fifty barrels (500 cases in total) of Jack Daniel
was set aside by the son of the late Lem Motlow, partly for sentimental reasons. After
patiently waiting over a decade, this reserve was released to the public for the first
time during the latter part of 1957. It has been carefully rationed throughout the
country and soon will become a true collector's item. It is our belief that this whiskey
represents one of the most remarkable spirits ever created in the United States. Our
limited reserve, since it is obviously irreplaceable, is subject to prior sale.

 

Als,
sp BEA gTBVIN

‘Le theit |
i France be be

n
les YOUe ve elected

pl
k ble ie ert

ze

 
   

Sass

(eS SS

me

9,79 bottle 31,7:
x3 - MOREY, LOS D!
LA ROCHE

A true connoisseurs Tew
great Burgundy ~ big, s
clowly maturing ~ a win
adhieves the depth and y
Chambertin itself

 

| WIS EM BOUTEILLES A La PROPRIETE MM

PPELLATION VOLNAY CONTROLEE

IVOINAY

CLOSE FREM

  
    

Renuasasrctun ross «
COMED Ra

3,29 botle $37.5

®)—VOLNAY, Clog.
PREMIR}

A lahel h ‘
eatin
Marais d'Ap he nam
AN eaville re

\ Olnay at its h
est, [hi
bay

 
