 

LA MEDITERRANEE, 2 Place de
L’Odeon, near the Comedie Francaise
Salle Luxembourg. This remains one
of my favorite restaurants and certainly
M. Jean is one of the few great res-
taurateurs left in these days of rushing
people in and out. He is affable, friendly
and blessed with a remarkable memory
for faces. Many a regular patron who
returns after a year or so is startled to
have Jean remember them or certain
things they liked particularly — his
young son is studying now to take his
place in the restaurant after a year or
two—he is in Switzerland now and
will travel and work here and there
before he takes over — here we have
another family growing up in the res-
taurant business and trying to maintain
its standards . . . We have had some
excellent food at La Mediterranee this
year ...a wonderful piece of Turbot,
poached perfectly and served with a
sauce Hollandaise which was like velvet
— and with it a Pouilly Fuisse 1947
which was the most agreeable compan-
ion we can imagine .. . This was fol-
lowed by a Poulet Basque with a most
excitingly subtle flavor. Several days
afterwards I was invited there to lunch
to meet Raymond Brunet who has
written a great deal on the subject of
wine and whose book and articles on
combinations of wines and foods are
exceedingly well. known. To him was
put the choice of a wine to accompany
a chicken curry and his choice

proved to be a Chateaneuf du Pape...
and the resulting blending was excel-
lent. M. Brunet at 80 is still en-
thusiastic about his work and goes on
tirelessly. And as for food and wine —
there is certainly no cessation in his
appreciation of those pleasant pastimes.

 

If you haven’t already discovered La
Mediterranee do so, and if you have
been there I am certain you'll go back.

ROTISSERIE PERIGOURDINE,
2 Place Saint-Michel. This is one of
the most charming spots in Paris to
dine especially in the spring or summer.
If you are lucky enough to have a table
on the terrace you sit and look across

SHERRY WINE AND SPIRITS CO., Inc.e679 MADISON AVE., N.Y.eTEmpleton 8-7500

 

to Notre Dame and the Ile de la Cite’
and get a fleeting view of the Seine. It
is a most appetizing and exciting view.
And the food and wines are no less
pleasant for this is a restaurant which
has continued to give great satisfaction
to serious eaters for a long time. Nat-
urally, as the name implies there are
many specialties of Perigord and if you
are counting calories, stay away. One
of thé great specialties of the house is
Foie Gras in Brioche, which I may say
is beyond belief. Also, it is one of the
few restaurants where you get a really
good choice of hors d’oeuvre for lunch-
eon and where the choice is well made
and flavorful. Then too, there is the
excellent mixed gril) with what may
best be translated as a grilled truffle as
the particular attraction (Truffe sous
la Cendre). It was at the Rotisserie
Perigourdine where I had the excellent
Rose’ of Fontcreuse from Provence
which you may buy at Sherry’s for
$1.82. A beautiful wine—one which
you will want to drink over and over.
Rotisserie Perigourdine is a must on
your list for dining. It is better to make
reservations if dining on the terrace
means anything to you. Expensive.

LES CIGOGNES, 187 Rue Croix
Niverts is a bit of a trip, but it
has become a must for everyone in
Paris. Alexander Watt, who, though a
Scotchman by birth, has become an out-
standing authority on restaurants in
France, had insisted I try it. So the
other night we journeyed there. And
we were more than well repaid. M.
Humbert, the owner is also the chef—
and he and his wife suggested our
dinner. We started with Coquilles St.
Jacques—a scallop dish—prepared in
his particular fashion. Note: He sug-
gested we divide two orders for four
people so that we could enjoy the dish
that followed more. They were pre-
pared with a sauce made from the fish
broth or fumet and heavy cream with
just a touch of saffron to give a most
exciting flavor. With this a Sancerre
Sauvignon again. (You’ve tried the
one we have at Sherry’s, haven’t you?)

Our next and final course were two
small chickens for the four of us pre-
pared with fresh tarragon. You could
smell the pungence of the tarragon the
minute they were brought to the serv-
ing table and the flavor was unforget-
table. They were crisp on the outside
and. tender and perfectly cooked with
the complement of the herb making
them even more delicious. Tiny new
potatoes came with the chickens. And
for wine M. Humbert suggested his
Fleurie 1949, which was proof that a

 

young wine from certain districts can
be a triumph. It was light, delicious
and a thoroughly pleasing potion. Here
we saw the incredibly beautiful Merle
Oberon dining on a tiny Pigeon de
Bresse Flambe, with evident delight.
Les Cigognes jis expensive, the menu is
tremendous, but the resulting food is
something which repays you for the
journey and the price. Here, too, they
make a specialty of the Eaux de Vie of
our friends the Dolfis—and after such
a dinner I can assure you that a touch
of Eau-de-Vie de Framboise was more
than welcome.

CHEZ ALLARD, 41, Rue St. Andre
Des Arts, on the Left Bank is in reality
a bistro. It is entirely a family affair
and though there is a constant turn-
away business the family refuses to
enlarge. It is their idea that they can
only cater to a few people and feed that
few well, and they would rather sacri-
fice the additional business than serve
food which is below their standards.
Here you will find a Coq au Vin pre-
pared as you had always imagined the
dish should be. And at dinner recently
I had a Baron d’Agneau a la Creme
which was unforgettable. The tenderest
of young lamb roasted to a matchless
pinkness and crisp on the outside, this
served with a sauce of heavy cream
blended with the juices from the roast
and subtly seasoned. A remarkably good
Pommard made a truly satisfying com-
bination. This was topped with fresh
asparagus Vinaigrette—the vinaigrette
made with I’huile de noix . . . walnut
oil which has a subtle flavor not found
in other oils. And the delicacy of the
long white asparagus one finds here. It
is entirely different in its taste.

There is sometimes a glorious Civet
of hare Chez Allard and many other
famous dishes of the various regions of
France. And their terrine of duck is an
hors d’oeuvre of tremendous delight. If
you go to this bistro for dinner I sug-
gest you telephone in advance for a
reservation or be prepared to wait.
There is nearly always a capacity
crowd.

waa
