 

  

BRANDY DISCOVERIES -

FROM COGNAC, ALSACE AND CHAMPAGNE

No.

1296
Col Courbé, in its interesting crooked neck bottle, is

an honest, well-made Cognac that will meet every
standard required by those who are accustomed to
paying $8.00 for Cognac. The price increases that have
recently taken place in Cognac will inevitably force this
up to a higner level in the near future.

 

1295 COGNAC GRAND MARNIER 6.49 75.00

Here is Cognac of exceptional delicacy and distinction from the world-
famous firm of Grand Marnier. Unquestionably, the equal of Brandies
that command $2.00 or $3.00 more the bottle.

1298 MARC DE CHAMPAGNE 8.95 104
A flavorful, delicate, pale Brandy, distilled from the grape pressings of
the great Champagne vineyards. Very little of it is made, and it is hard
to come by. We think it will be of particular interest to those looking for
an unusual and fine after-dinner liqueur.

1226 DENIS MOUNIE GRAND RESERVE 20 YEAR OLD COGNAC a Le 116,¢

A true "find" for those interested in unusual,fine
old Cognac., Back in 1935, the impeccable Cognac
firm of Denis Mounie shipped four small barrels of
Cognac to England, where it was stored at the
London docks. It remained untouched for over 20
years and bottled during late 1955. The total yield
of the four barrels was only 92 cases: Some of this
Cognac, with the age statement on the label, has
reached our cellars. Rarely, have we tasted a
20 years old 4 | more magnificent Brandy - dry, pale in color,
| distemienmeameu meena t | delicate - a complete throughbred which, in our
opinion, deserves to sell at a much higher level.

   
   

 
   

ABMEKEHMADVEE KEM af
CMDR DER SLR OS

2 eee eaee aloes

 

ace anenrenemen sto

KOON DARKER

HVE DARIN DN DEMD MOLD AMIENS

 

 

z

g

4

i

DENIS-MOUNIE & @ ‘
@2 COGNAC s™ :

§

o
OR PCR

1

on

1300 KIRSCH D'ALSACE (Estate of Hess) bye
A true discovery - a remarkable Kirsch distilled from wild cherries picked
at an altitude of about 1000 feet in the Vosges mountains by the best
distiller of all Alsace - Monsieur Hess. Only after several years of
negotiations was he finally persuaded to ship a small quantity of his
precious bottles - the best Kirsch of all Alsace. Served chilled, it is
undoubtedly among the most interesting and delightful of after-dinner
Brandies. Slightly more expensive than the commercial varieties ~ ibis
infinitely better and will provide a true taste experience to the lover of
fine spirits. The Mirabelle of Monsieur Hess , made from little yellow
plums, is also a truly great Eau-de-Vie - $9.70 the bottle.

1201 BRIAND GRAND FINE CHAMPAGNE COGNAC L475 165.

We do not think there is a Single Cognac in all France, regardless of pric
that can be considered superior to this magnificent dnb! lended Cognac of
Briand's - a Aaland that has rested in its un akcrons state in barrel from
1904 to the present. This opinion is shared at Chez Point in Vienne and
among many le seine brandy connoisseurs of rance.,

Bottle Case

COL COURBE V.3.£.8. (Crooked. Neck) 4.99 58.

 

 

00

 

  
