  

SOVETSHAVA

    
   
  

ee

 

   
   
  
    

 

  
  
 

ae

IMPORTED FROM 1

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
  
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ns

 

 

 

 
  
 
 
 
    
 

 

 

 

    
 

  

    
 

Until Monday, Aug. 31st
First Offering In America
Four Different
Moscow-hottled Vodkas

  
 
 

 
 
  
  
  
 
      
   
 
   

#
panne! A
“a ft i" 1

       

    

  
 

i
i
i
i

 

 

 

Each is different—intriguing—
and acknowledged as the
standard by which Vodkas

are judged.

Buy Now— Save

Any one will add a
‘conversation piece’
To Your Summer Entertaining

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

THE HUNTEK

 

Four Authentic Vodkas from Russia

TIME-LIFE BOOKS, in their ‘Foods
of the World’ series, has just issued
‘RUSSIAN COOKING’. The plaudits
of the gastronomic world are just
starting to come in.

The co-author, George Papachvily,
was a member of the Czar’s army,
and until recently has been the
proud proprietor of a Russian res-
taurant in California. The Papach-
vilys have recently returned from
the U.S.S.R., eating their way
through Russia’s vast variety of
foods and drinking vodkas in every
strength, color and flavor.

We quote from the book —

The custom is to drink from a small
glass in a single gulp... vodka
should be ice cold and preferably
not served ‘on-the-rocks’, thus
avoiding dilution.

A variety of flavorings can be added

to the colorless vodka to produce

an array of interesting drinks such

as: —

1. Add peel of a lemon.

2. Place tea bag in vodka for 2 hours.
Remove.

3. Add 2 teaspoons of black or white
peppercorns. Strain out after 2 hours.
4. Crush 20 cherry stones and soak them

in vodka for 10 hours.
5. Keep anise seeds in vodka for 2 hours.
6. 20 halved, pitted dark sweet cherries for
3 hours. Remove.
7. Put 7 blades of buffalo grass in vodka
for 4 hours then remove 6 of them. You
now have ‘Zubrovka’.

 

SALE PRICE
Bottle Case
Below Below

Pale green in color. Flavored with wild Buffato grass, the favorite food of the Zubra, or
Polish bison. Grown only in the marsh lands of Bielorussia on the Russian-Polish
border near Pinsk. Usually served over ice with a twist of lemon. Makes the unique
‘Zubrovka Martini’. Absolutely delicious with ‘tonic’, particularly as an exciting, new
green-tinged summer drink.

Below Below

From the Russian word voda which means ‘water’. No one denies Moscow’s claim that
they invented the beverage and employ it freely along with caviar and other delicacies.
Vodka’s popularity in America can be attributed to its mild character, complete dryness,
and relative neutrality. Its most frequent uses are in the ‘Vodka Martini’ or as a happy
companion to seasoned tomato juice; and in the Summer, it is joined with ice and
‘tonic’. Here is the ‘original’, distilled and bottled in Moscow. The name ‘Stolichnaya’
sounds rather like a ‘sneeze’ — but in fact, it is the favored vodka in diplomatic circles

throughout the world.
Below Below

History reports that Peter the Great seasoned his vodka with hot red pepper. The taste
is astonishing, for you get an immediate bite on the tongue, guaranteed to cause a sensa-
tion at even the most sophisticated cocktail party. Recommended before — or during —
the serving of Indian Curries and Mexican food. Though it may be 70 proof, we suspect
your guests will believe it to be much stronger, judged purely by the overwhelming

impact on the taste buds.
Below Below

Here is a full-flavored, 90 proof spirit, flavored with the kind of grasses that one dis-
covers on mountainous meadowlands. Even the scent of heather honey can be detected.
To be served as an exciting, interesting accompaniment to strong cocktail food such as
saucisson, salamis, garlicky patés, and the sharpest of cheeses. A great pick up after a
swim, tennis game, golf match, or on your return from fishing in the rain.

7

  
  
