 

  

Great White

Designed to add pleasitfe
to your
Summerdivin®

No. Bottle Case

Estate bottled, Cooperative Lugny.

Made from the same grape as used in the famous white Burgun-
dies, this wine possesses the same unmistakable flavor and dry
finish, but not the fullness of its more expensive neighbors. A wine
that needs no occasion, at a price that needs no second thought.

The famed Paris wine merchants, NICOLAS, quickly learned how
good Chablis 1969 can be. They went in early, they bought in vast
quantity, they priced it low. Here is good wine—don’t let the low
price discourage you.

Estate bottled by Sauzet, and from one of the best vineyards of
this renowned wine growing township.

From a specific, noble vineyard, produced during the outstanding
1962 vintage. Not a commercial white Burgundy, but estate-bottled
by the impeccable grower, M. Sauzet. Now enjoys sufficient bottle
age to bring out its glory—surpasses Montrachet itself of more
recent vintages. Worth twice this price.

Estate bottled by Sauzet.

Perhaps less exalted than Montrachet or Batard Montrachet, but
nevertheless admirable and a truly great white Burgundy. Deserves
its Classification—‘‘Great.”

An astonishing price for a wine grown at one of the 8 ‘Grand Cru’
vineyards of Chablis. Dry, much finesse good life ahead. From the
cellars of Nicolas.

   

Burgundies

To experience what are considered the
greatest dry white wines of the world, one
must look to Burgundy. We offer here the
glittering heroes of the Burgundian vine-
yards, ranging through every great year
from the fine, rich ’62s up to the recently
harvested, outstanding ’69s.

You will find them to be wines of fantastic
breed, airy lightness and extraordinary
bouquet—dqualities that can embellish
your vacation and permit you to view the
lakes, mountains and rolling ocean waves
with a new, and possibly more enthusiastic
eye.

No. Bottle Case

Even a village wine, in the hands of the Ramonet family becomes
a thing of beauty. When it comes from a specific vineyard such as
“La Romanee” we are now in the exalted company of the great
neighbors of le Montrachet itself.

We have a prejudice and are prepared to support it with a compar-
ative blind tasting. We think the ‘‘Ruchottes” of Ramonet can hold
its head high, even against ‘Batard Montrachet’ and ‘Montrachet.’

Form a specific, noble vineyard, produced during the outstand-
ingly fine 1964 vintage by the impeccable grower, M. Sauzet. If you
can find this in any restaurant at $10 the bottle, by all means buy
it-if our inventory holds out, and you want great white Burgundy
at low cost, by all means acquire it.

When Corton Charlemagne is good, it is in a class with the illus-
trious Montrachet. Great breed, and steelier than most white
Burgundies. The slopes are the steepest in Burgundy, and must be
tended by hand since horses and oxen cannot climb here. Remark-
able, scarce and excellent. Estate bottled, Bonneau du Martray.

Rabelais always referred to this wine as ‘“The divine Montrachet,”
and Dumas proclaimed that ‘it should be drunk kneeling and bare-
headed.” The nobility of Burgundy has no greater king than “le
Montrachet,” generally considered to be the greatest dry white
wine of the world.

The most expensive, remarkable, and sought-after white wine pro-
duced in all Burgundy. Comte de Vogue, the proprietor, in France,
does not sell it to the great restaurants by the case, but doles it
out by the bottle. We do not have many cases ourselves, but if you
want to experience greatness in dry white wine, acquire a bottle
or two.

  
