  
    
     
       
  
   
 
    
    
   
 
  
  
  
    
 
   
     

KARRY-KEG

Pick any 5 to 6 bottles
Add Only

  

 

Retails regularly
for $8.50.

 

the famons 0;

a wit sharpens

AW G2 1?,

© CY Onery was

(No Charge for Wine Rack) i KARRY-KEG

Here is a gay, practical, and personal gift you can send to express your appreciation L _ THERMDs.
to your weekend hostess—or to dramatically commemorate a birthday or anniver- sy
sary. Many of our wine friends are so intrigued with the rack and its contents, that
they choose to send it to themselves—and in some instances, they have ordered SIX

CRUSE RACKS to take advantage of the substantial 10% case discount.

 

It is also reassuring to know that each of the six different wines come from the im-
peccable cellars of CRUSE, the famed and traditional firm of Bordeaux. Each of
the six wines is outstanding within its class—and the handsome wooden cellarette
fit, one upon the other like children’s blocks, to provide an excellent solution to
sturdy and safe wine storage. Remember, there is no extra charge for the wine rack.

The contains six different
wines (2 of each).

 

Dry, light white wine of Bordeaux. Rich, full, vigorous, ready now.
the ee Heh ae maintains the life
e classic pin j ic dry white wine of Bor- ;
ve pink wine of the Rhone The classic dry of 300 ice eubes for over 22
alley. deaux.
hours.
Much finesse, soft, ready now.
Excellent example of a beloved red :
wine, sturdy, leak proof, can’t run or
dent.
SPECIAL OFFER= Should ler SIX CRUSE RACKS (equal ees
to me full case each aes de alee wines shown here), you ta only Picnics—travel—ice
get the benefit of the substantial 10¢ se dis t this entitles . :
yon to Pape d eeade cueb obs ime Praia omnia Ritcrean! dtr ae cube storage—keeping food cold—
acks, thus saving you $22.68 as compared to what six racks would om 1 1 1
have cost you were tied Sarahiead Haiesdually. Wine Rack camping, fishing, boating.

Made by the famed
retails regularly at pick
any © to © bottles
