@ BROUILLY

cane ee A

Unlike most of France, the 1968 vintage
thrived in the Beaujolais area. Some of the
vineyards in the flat lands suffered from excess
rain. Those on the slopes, in many instances,
produced some of the best Beaujolais in years.

This was particularly true at Chateau de la
Chaize in the famed wine growing district of
Brouilly—a vineyard that has been maintained,
from father to son, for over four centuries by
the Marquis de Roussy de Sales family.

The present Marquis de Sales is a director of
Christian Dior, spends every weekend with his
charming wife in the Beaujolais district, cul-
tivating the vine. Our good friend, Marquis de
Sales, feels close to America for he was a
volunteer in the underground when seventeen,
was part of the Free French Forces within the
U.S. Command under General Clark, then be-
came French Liaison Officer at SHAEF Head-
quarters, and was awarded the U.S. Army
Bronze Star Medal. He subsequently gradu-
ated in 1951 with a Masters Degree from
Harvard Graduate School of Business
Administration.

Marquis de Roussy de Sales owes his out-
standing success with his 1968 vineyard to his
training at Harvard. His learning made him
curious and experimental. The weather fore-

cast during the grape picking was dismal. He
hired four tractors, with head lights, which
irrigated his vineyard around the clock and
thus prevented excessive rain to gathering and
forming harmful pools anywhere on the vine-
yard terrain. The result was that Figaro, the
prominent Parisian newspaper, announced to
the Frenchmen that it was “Chateau de la
Chaize” that was selected at a blind tasting in
Villefranche as the best single wine produced
in 1968 in the district of Brouilly. And even
later, when his 1968 was presented to the final
jury that had to pick the best wines of all of
Beaujolais, regardless of township, his wine
was chosen as the one among the five best
examples of Beaujolais produced in all of
southern Burgundy. No small honor indeed!

It is this very wine — CHATEAU DE LA
CHAIZE 1968 — that will be arriving during

 

late March or early April to bring its warmth,
distinction, fruit and charm to you. It is the
kind of Beaujolais that the discriminating
wine drinkers of Paris look for — and it is not
easy to find. It carries all of the charm of the
“pretty young girl from the farm” with enough
complexity, character and interest to make it
a rewarding experience to any wine lover.

$3015

sph bee

For those of you who want the classic 1967 from the CHATEAU
DE LA CHAIZE vineyard, we are pleased to advise you that a

small, irreplaceable quantity will reach us on the same boat.

It will be available at the bottle,
also be half bottles at each,

the case. There will
the_case. And for those

$3315

who want the grandiose Magnum, with that picturesque wax top,

they, too, can be obtained at each,
Magnums.

the case of 6

 
