      
      
   
    
      
     

 

fs i i
1, MINE Be SPIRITS
*iSom Avene ne |

  

BY.
ee Brod

aan

     

Poarighe

Pascoe of

VerDeLHo
~1900—

this is bottle
No. 32/

Battled &¢ Shipped by

   
 

Chenas Is 2 qu

  
  
   
   

   
  
   
    
   
    

“The very existence, let alone the sheer perfection of these vintage 4 ' inthe very cen
solera and unblended vintage Madeiras represents an historic wine BlNDYs MADEIRAS ag | j it
event—these 19th century and ‘turn-of-the-century’ Madeiras have / 3

provided one of the great wine-tasting experiences of my life,” states Funeha) — Madeira = and matures a
James Beard, world authority on food and wine. Corey Alcohe! ai’e one ofthe nine

 
  
 

Those of you who have acquired these wine museum pieces during
the holiday season know how remarkable they can be. To tempt the
more curious among you, we are offering them, during this sale
period only, at a 10% reduction from the normal price.

jot fluid ors, by volune

We know of no friendlier or more pleasant way to withstand the .
winter’s wind than to sit in front of a warming fireplace, with glass sas
in hand filled with good Madeira bearing dates that read like a history
book—1748, 1792, 1830, 1900. It will inspire a good philosophic
thought and heart-restoring contemplation. We urge—no, we insist—
that you acquire at least a bottle and “explore history through a wine

The famed English family of Blandy have been a creative force on the
island of Madeira since the 18th century days of sailing vessels—when no
British ship dared call on the American colonies unless it had first stopped

 

glass.” at Madeira for rest, food, and a supply of its joyous wine, which brought
its good cheer to the patrician families of Boston, New York, Philadelphia,
Regularly Now Washington and Charleston. It has always amazed us to learn that Charles
: Blandy possessed the courage, the patience, and the economic recklessness
VERDELHO SOLERA (Henriques) 29.75 required to keep his wealth in the form of wine rather than in pounds
MALMSEY SOLERA (Henriques) 28.50 sterling. Often, many decades passed before he would sell his aged treasures.
SERCIAL SOLERA (Henriques) 24.00 It is our good fortune to bring several of them to you. These Madeiras will
provide memorable wine-tasting experiences.
SERCIAL VINTAGE
(Shortridge, Lawton) 18.25
BUAL VINTAGE (Blandy) 17.50 ,
SERCIAL VINTAGE (Blandy) 16.00
*% VERDELHO VINTAGE (Blandy) 15.75 In this instance, the rarest and the most sought-after grape of all was wn
: a : used—the Verdelho. It competes with the Sercial grape in dryness, and the
PARRANTEZ VINTAGE (Blandy) = 16.75 wine has the constitution of a rich Port combined with the delicacy and
MALMSEY VINTAGE (Blandy) 15.50 dryness of an Amontillado Sherry.
VERDELHO VINTAGE (Blandy) 14.50 Our clients tell us that the uniqueness and rarity of this wine would make

it a worthy value at $25.00 the bottle. This genuinely low sale price of

MALMSEY VINTAGE (Blandy) 14.50 SI4.U7the bottle represents a unique opportunity not to be overlooked by
SERCIAL VINTAGE (Blandy) 14.50 amy wane

1 each of the 12 Madeiras listed above (a glorious total of 12)
only
(a savings of over $20)

 

14 ty

 
