it
a

 

 

 

Tin Chamber

re Domaine ot

‘ll be aval

ic reasons,  Y
sile they a? °

 

se aac ta

For the greatest dry white wines of the world, one
must look to Burgundy. We particularly salute the
great 66s—wines of fantastic breed, airy lightness,
and extraordinary bouquet. A few of the 1967s, par-
ticularly in Chablis, have proven excellent but they
are hard to come by. The ’64s are fruity and full-
bodied and similar to the ’59s.

G22 GMARLIS, Nicgiag... 2... 23. 3 / 18.
The famed Paris wine merchants, NICOLAS, quickly learned how
good Chablis 1967 can be. They went in early, they bought in
vast quantity, they priced it low. Here is good wine—don't let
the low price discourage you.

292 PINOT CHARDONNAY .....:.....

Made from the same grape as used in the famous white Burgun-
dies, this wine possesses the same unmistakable flavor and dry
finish but not the fullness of its more expensive neighbors. A
wine that needs no occasion—a price that needs no second
thought.

624 GHATIIS LA FORET.

Estate Bottled, Vocoret

From some of the best vineyard land in Chablis from a grower of
impeccable reputation.

71? PAB. Sr ee

Estate Bottled, Jos. Matrot

High quality and real distinction; green-gold in color, full bodied,
well balanced, and attractively dry.

862 GHABLIS VAEMUR .... 4.723 3 8.

Estate Bottled, Droin

Eight tiny vineyards deserve the appellation ‘Grand Cru’’—one of
them is Valmur. This estate bottled beauty, from one of the better
growers, is priced astonishingly low.

319 CHASSAGNE MONTRACHET ......

Estate Bottled, Ramonet

Even a village wine in the hands of the Ramonet family becomes
a thing of beauty. We have visited the Ramonets often and we
can only say that no one in Burgundy matches their white wine
skill.

35) CHASSIS DOUGKRGS

Estate Bottled, Marcel Servin

There are only eight ‘Grand Cru’ vineyards in all of Chablis and
this is one of the best of them. In the hands of Servin, you will
be appreciating Chablis at its absolute best. Dry, much finesse,
very long-lived. A classic.

666 MEURSAULT CHARMES ..........

The recent TIME-LIFE wine book gives the high classification
“Great” to only three vineyards in Meursault — and Charmes is
among the three. Soft, round, haunting bouquet with scent of
violets. Half bottles at 2.89 each, 51.50 case.

 

  

THE BLESSED
1966 VINTAGE

680 PULIGNY MONTRACHET

COMBETTES
Estate Bottled, Sauzet
Perhaps less exalted than Montrachet or Batard Montrachet, but

nevertheless admirable and a truly great white Burgundy. De-
serves its accepted classification — “Great.”

840 CORTON CHARLEMAGNE ........

Estate Bottled, Bonneau de Martray

When Corton Charlemagne is good, it is classed with the illus-
trious Montrachet. Great breed, and steelier than most white
Burgundies. The slopes are the steepest in Burgundy and must

be tended by hand since horses and oxen cannot climb here.
Remarkable, scarce and excellent.

219 BATARD MONTRACHET. .......2.

Estate Bottled, Ramonet

Dry, yet rounded; great elegance and breed and a haunting, cap-
tivating bouquet. Half bottles available at 3.64 each, 82.50 case.

402 LE MONTRACHET ........ ee
From the Cellars of Pierre Poupon
King of white wines. Superb in 1966— and will continue to de-

velop for at least another decade. Extraordinary low price for a
fine wine of this truly great vineyard.

242 LE MONTRACHE! 2... 5.7

Estate Bottled, Marquis de Laguiche

Rabelais always referred to this wine as “the divine Montra-
chet,” and Dumas proclaimed that “it should be drunk kneeling
and bareheaded.” The nobility of Burgundy has no higher royalty

than “le Montrachet”, generally considered to be the greatest dry
white wine of the world.

560 CHASSAGNE MONTRACHET,
MuGHOUOS .. -. Fe

Estate Bottled, Ramonet

This vineyard has been a consistent favorite of ours since we
first tasted it in Ramonet’s cellars back in 1948. His skill is
impeccable.

622 LE MONTRACHET 34.

Estate Bottled, Baron Thenard

24 cases, the equivalent of one barrel, was owned by a private
individual in the Burgundy district. It was acquired by our im-
porter who offered it to us. We consider it a stroke of good

fortune. to be able to offer this remarkable, fantastic

white
Burgundy to you.

529 CHASSAGNE MONTRACHET
WIRE ee ee
Estate Bottled, Ramonet

The big, rich fullness and softness of 1964 in the tradition of the
1959s is apparent here.

  
