   
 
  
 
    

e = cw ers
In pil area * baie
- Eee | ae Com '
/ i‘ i 2 Ri pie

      
  
 
 

 

 

 
        
      
 

wy, ’ rr
ry Co aoe eae
i ee I ey eo) i te | tig
i a 8 a Re Fides ir ares ee 4 Zi
‘af ae MELTS ees ee NS
, Ye ® a. 4 wire = 5 C
Many of the famed vineyards are so close to Vienna that they say given enough sun, the
vines of Nussberg and Grinzing would entwine the Opera House in the centre of town.
And just to the south there is Gumpoldskirchen, a show village—and but a bare 70 miles
= away there are the old wine growing towns of Krems and Loiben.
de With this cosmopolitan, crossroads-of-the world background, the wines cannot help being
Mwy Y sophisticated, and take on the gaiety, subtlety and zest of beloved Vienna.

     
     
    
  
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 

Many of these wines have been competitively submerged by those of Germany and
Alsace among the wine drinkers of the world, but nevertheless, they are good and deserve
recognition and appreciation. The discriminating citizens

Bottle Case of Vienna are not foolish when they express pride in their
GUMPOLDSKIRSCHNER wines, just as they do in their boiled beef, pastry palaces,
FICHEERG 1967... —— coffee houses, Heurigen, Kaiserchmarren and Sachertorte.
Estate bottled, Dr. Ernst Weigl Here are prime examples being offered in America, for

the first time, at prices that would even gladden the heart

To the south of Vienna there is a fairy land village that bears the name as . . .
of the most conservative, bourgeoise Austrian.

grotesque as “Rumpelstilskin.” Not easy to pronounce, but quite easy to drink,
we are dealing with a light, pleasing, dry white wine, a bit less flowery than
its German equivalent, but, nevertheless, has its own ‘raison d’etre.’
GUMPOLDSKIRSCHNER DOKTOR

SPATLESE CABINET 1966 ... .

Estate bottled, Dr. Ernst Weigl

If Gumpoldskirschner has a ‘Montrachet’ you can find it here at the ‘Doktor’
vineyard proudly owned by Dr. Weigl. Outstanding.

SCHLOSS GRAFENEGG GRUENER
TEPLINER 1966. 2)

Estate bottled, Prince von Metternich

This vineyard is one of the wine jewels of the von Metternich family—the
same family that owns Schloss Johannisberg on the Rhine. If you want to ex-
perience Austrian wine at its best, do not overlook this dry white wine classic.

NUSSBERGER SPATLESE 1966. . .
Estate bottled, The Abbey of Schotten

The vineyards were established in 1158 and the Viennese can walk there as
readily as we can to Central Park. 90% is consumed in Vienna and the rest
is for the world.

GRINZINGER AUSLESE 1966 . . .

Estate bottled, The Abbey of Schotten

The suburb of Grinzing bears the same relation to Vienna that Glen Cove
does to Manhattan. Some of the best wine of Austria is made here and it is : s. Bes : itt ca
rare indeed when the thirsty, knowing Viennese permit it to escape. o 3 S ere] FG, 5 € aH a

et fa ee
LOIBNER KAISERWEIN 1966 . . " pag Pi Pac, ice tina
Emperor Franz Josef had a favorite wine and it was Loibner Kaiserwein.

His 1890 might have been good, but we question whether it surpassed this
1966. Perhaps the best single dry white wine of all Austria.

Let us be lighthearted and carefree—let us try a bottle each of all six of the wines
listed above. Simply ask for the “AUSTRIAN SAMPLER” and a bottle of each will
be sent to you for the modest sum of ONLY $13.95. (Would cost $15.04 if purchased
individually.)

679 MADISON AVE. ee Se
(at Gist) TEMPLETON 8-7500 —

  
