ZAaviVU il

Sam Aaron—president of Sherry-Lehmann,
Inc.—has marshalled all the facts you need
to know about wine. He begins with Ameri-
can wines and, vineyard by vineyard, sets
forth the best to be found in California, New
York State, and the other wine growing
regions of our country. Mr. Aaron also provides a thorough survey of the wines of France, Ger-
many, Italy, Spain, Portugal, and most of the other wine- producing countries of the world, in-
cluding the U.S.S.R. and China. The Joys of Wine also offers unique ¢ charts of grape varieties
and vineyard classifications, newly executed four-color maps of the so as S great wine regions,
and a wine-lovers guide packed with useful everyday wine intelligenc

me

‘A Spectacular Creation. One Whale of a Book”

—Craig Claiborne

Frank Prial . . . ““Fadiman and
Aaron go together like Mou-
ton and Rothschild or Moet
and Chandon. Blending their
talents and enthusiasm. was an
inspired idea. This volume is
the proof.”

Alexis Lichine.. .““The Joys of
Wine is among the most beau-
tiful of all wine books. It will
prove an informative delight
to every wine lover.”

James Beard .. . “Breathtak-
ing color photographs and ele-
gant, informative wine maps
mhake the Joys of Wine com-
petent, comely and complete—

the most wine truth and
beauty ever bound in a single

volume.”

PINE Rn riick ae

The JOYS OF WINE is just off the
press and is a featured alternate
of the Book-of-the-Month Club.
Its regular price will be $45.00 in
January, but until then you can
enjoy a special pre-publication
price of only $35.00 plus $1.50 for
postage and handling. (Kindly
add the appropriate sales tax for
delivery within New York State.)

SPECIAL OFFER: Wine Caves,
Inc. make no extra charge for
copies personally autographed
by both Clifton Fadiman and Sam
Aaron, provided the order
reaches Wine Caves promptly,
before the limited edition of auto-
graphed copies is exhausted.

WINE CAVES will be pleased to send the JOYS OF WINE asa holiday gift. Simply send
your gift list and cards and Wine Caves will arrange for delivery of this magnificent
book during December.

The authors, Sam Aaron and Clifton Fadiman, browsing through
THE JOYS OF WINE.

Send Orders To: WINE CAVES, INC.
92 North 12th Street
Brooklyn, New York 11211

SHERRY-LEHMANN, INC.

aie, WINE & SPIRITS MERCHANTS
os 679 Madison Ave. At 61 St., New York, N. Y. 10021 - TEmpleton 8-7500

10/75

 
