oa oe eee ee a a

ADVANCE NOTICE

MOET BICENTENNIAL CUVEE
WILL BE AVAILABLE NOVEMBER Ist!

The bottle is beautiful - the Champagne is superb - and we
quote from the label, "This Special Cuvee is presented by
Moet & Chandon in a limited bottling to honor the 200th
Anniversary of American Independence,"

Reminiscent of Marquis de Lafayette, there is generosity on
the part of Moet & Chandon to their friends in America.

The concept of a French Champagne firm toasting the 200th
anniversary of the United States is a thoughtful and kindly
action, Equally generous is the fact that top-flight
Champagne was put into this unique Special Cuvee.

We, as wine merchants, are particularly grateful that this
limited edition is being priced ata level so low. We
happily report that the price for this dry and exquisite
Champagne is only $10,99 the bottle and $131.90 the case.
We have tasted the Champagne and it is outstanding.

The number of cases shipped is small indeed, There will
probably be enough for November but surely none will be
around for the Christmas holiday period. If you think this
is the kindof Champagne you would send as a Christmas
gift, we advise you order it from us in November and we can
then arrange to make delivery for you during December.
$10.99 the bottle $131.90 the case

eee a ae

Only a Few Precious Bottles of this

OLD‘ MADEIRA
Have Survived a

We launch the autumn season with this
epoch-making offer of a most remarkable
and authentic 1915 vintage Madeira.
Every precious drop is of the vintage
stated -- 1915. Having tasted 1870
Madeira that was still young, vital,
beautiful, we can attest to the many ‘@ i
decades of life ahead for this brilliant 1915. he % This bea e
When this 1915 Madeira is gone, the op- / taste No. 23
portunity to taste genuine old Madeira of > —_ =
this calibre will be lost forever. Since
the number of bottles is limited, we sug~-
gest you acquire yours noW —> particular-
ly if you tend giving itas a unique
Christmas gift.
$28.50 the bottle

© plcolol 21%
by vole

 
