ne ve eh 2 ML AOnON
yard is amon

Ouac!

© Les Perdrix' vine
particularly when G

F Oe Ue taty CHAMBOLLE-MUSIGNY ] 964, Bertrand
hambo H siony ide
Ch h let gt Note 1964 vintage -- almost

Wy 10 years in the bottle. Very
not cnn iN rare, superb, Only a few

re cases remain,

POMMARD RUGIENS 1971 , Guillemard
Pommard is world-renowned,

but few have experienced the
authentic quality of its be

st vineyards, Epenots and Rugiens,

CLOS DE VOUGEOT 1971 , Fauerois

There are 124 acres of Clos de Vougeot and they were
created by monks in the 12th century. Classic and
distinguished,

LATRICIERES CHAMBERTIN 1971, Lichine

A small portion of this famed vineyard is owned by Alexis
Lichine and M. Newman, The production is pitiably small
but the quality is truly outstanding.

VOLNAY CLOS DES DUCS 1971, Marquis d'Angerville 8.29
Clos des Ducs is Volnay's best vineyard, Our good friend,

the Marquis d'Angerville is the town's best producer, His

wine achieved exalted heights in this great year,

CORTON BRESSANDES 1971, Chandon 101,88
A discovery of Frank Schoonmaker, Corton at its best.

MUSIGNY 1966, Roland Thevenin 239,40
We quote Frank Schoonmaker's Encyclopedia, "Musigny

is unsurpassed by any other red wine of the Cote d'Or or

indeed of the world," About 1,600 cases are produced a

year and the world clamors for them, Even a 1972 would be

hard to come by. Here is the outstanding 1966, rich in

bottle age and character -- a true great rarity. Only a few

cases exist,

RICHEBOURG 1966, Charles Vienot 1995 239.40
Adjacent to Romanee Conti, Richebourg consists of only

19 acres, The biggest and richest of all of the wines of

Vosne Romanee, it ages beautifully. Here is a rare 1966

that will astonish you by its depth and balance,

THE BEST SINGLE RED WINE OF SPAIN
RIOJA 1970, Marques de Caceres 2.99
For years wine connoisseurs have
long agreed that the Rioja district
i produces the best table wines of
NV AYiti te Spain. Though we, too, have
de Caceres always been among those singing
> TAT a the praises of the good and honest
ET Tk red wines of Rioja, we must admit
a bit of astonishment upon tasting
this bottle from the Marques de Caceres. This excellence was
born in peculiar international circumstances. The vineyard
owner wanted to make the finest wine of Spain and, as proud
as any Spaniard, looked first to the artists and technologies of
his native land, Finding them wanting in the face of what he
felt could be produced, he went to the greatest wine-making
country of the world and Professor Emile Peynaud of the
University of Bordeaux. The results of this remarkable collabera-
tion spanning the Pyrenees is one of the most remarkable red
wines we have tasted in over forty years as wine merchants, The
low price need not dissuade you, Rioja 1970 from the bodegas of
the Marques de Caceres will remind you of Grand Cru Bordeaux,

but at a fraction of the price.

 
