a

or not, there now exists in Paris a group
of self service restaurants and snack bars
that are well supported .Quite a sight to
see a cafeteria with a selection of ‘vin
en carafe’ offered to you on a counter,
small carafes with a wine glass on top!
The reds are at the right temperature
and the whites and rosés are well chilled.
Attention Mr. Horn and Mr. Hardart.

I was very happy to see my old friend
Jean at the Berkeley where I ate mag-
nificently well as in other years —and
here the wines are chosen with care and
appreciation ...and Louis Vaudable, pro-
prietor of Maxim’s, is happy with the
many friends who are visiting him this
year (the clusters of large candles that
now burn at the windows of each floor
of the building have added their touch
of romantic beauty to Rue Royale at
night) ...our good friend, and Paris
Herald columnist, Art Buchwald, is the
inspiration for the best Chinese restau-

 

rant in Paris since the war-— it’s called
“Chinatown” near the George V. Hotel.
Needless to say, it has become a favorite
spot for American visitors to Paris who
still yearn for Cantonese and Shanghai
specialties even though they are in the
capital of western gastronomy .. . one
of the great Italian restaurants of the
world, the San Francisco, on Rue Mira-
beau, is in Paris...Tour d’Argent still
glows nightly from its amazing location
... The Grand Vefour is more popular
than ever — the owner, Raymond Oliver,
is an accomplished author and one of
the television “musts’ ’in France... Las-
serre on Avenue F. D. Roosevelt repre-
sents the height of elegance in dining
with extraordinary creative cooking...
the wine card at Taillevent is probably
the most formidable of France and covers
all of the great wine districts with excit-
ing and interesting choices from each...
Relais de Porquerolles and Drouant are
as popular as ever...one of the best
restaurants of Paris is at the railroad sta-

 

tion, Gard de l'Est, and I recommend a
visit, it is called Relais Paris-Est.

Dined at Androuets with Philip and
Helen Brown, well known West Coast
food writers — for those who do not know
this fabulous cheese restaurant, this is
de rigor’... the selection of cheese alone
is worth the price and the cheese dishes
are many and completely varied ... there
are cheeses which have never been heard
of and a good selection of wines to make
them more exciting to the palate — and,
of course, the incomparable bread of
France...practically all of Paris and
much of America frequent the Brasserie
Lipp for beer — late at night, there is a
happy mixture of white tie, ball gowns,
work clothes, and ordinary business suits
—all join in enjoying the great glasses
of beer called ‘Serieux’ and eating chou-
croute or the famous ‘paté en croute’
which has long been a specialty there...
It is interesting to note that the Cham-
pagne de Saint Marceaux was served at
Trianon, Versailles, as well as at the re-
ception at the Paris City Hall on the
occasion of the visit of Queen Elizabeth
I. Incidentally, Sherrys offers the remark-
ably fine and dry St. Marceaux Brut 1949
at $5.49 the bottle, $62.50 the case.

We have often heard stories of the re-
markable Framboise that was found in
the home of the Mayor or the local priest
in one of the small towns of Alsace. We
have been on the search for years and
we have finally discovered the best of
the district — better than any other we
have tasted, no matter how remote the
source. It is the amazing Framboise of
Monsieur Hess who sells it only in the
smallest lots to such restaurants as Pyra-
mide (Point) and Hotel de la Cote d’Or
(Dumaine). Monsieur Hess’ truck and
men ascend the Vosges Mountains to an
altitude well beyond 1500 feet to pick
the wild raspberries. Usually, at the end
of a day they do not come down to the
small distillery in the valley with more
than 100 pounds of the precious, elusive
fruit. It takes 15 pounds to make a bottle
of Framboise. After several years of ne-
gotiations, he was finally persuaded to
ship us a small quantity of his precious
bottles of extraordinary Framboise. They
should be reaching Sherry’s by the end of
of June and will be well worth the $15.75
it will cost to acquire a bottle.

While in Bordeaux, I was impressed with
the clean, dry, sophisticated virtues of
the 1955 Chateau Haut Brion Blanc. |
believe it will be in Sherry’s cellars by
the time you fead this...if I had to
choose the nuggets, the greatest white
wine treasures of all Burgundy, I would
go post-haste to the tiny cellar of Julien
Monnot. Only 250 cases produced in all,

but each is a gem. Don’t hesitate to try a
bottle or two whether it be 1954 or 1955.
Thank you, Frank Schoonmaker, for
bringing them to us...some of the little
known wines of France can achieve great
stature, so is the case with the Vire of
Macon, a glorious 1955 dry white wine
that I believe sells for under $2.00... in
my opinion, the Fiesta of Italian wines
that Sherry features are the best wines
of all Italy and you have your choice at
$1.39 the bottle.

When in New York, I hardly ever have
seen a sailing without Sherry’'s “Le Can-
Can” filled with iced Champagne not
playing some role in the proceedings.
Here I am in Paris and I have met at least
four people who have used “Le Can-Can”
as part of their luggage accessories to
carry ‘odds and ends’—the Toulouse-
Lautrec poster on the outside seems to
blend with the Paris mood. If any of your
friends should be boarding a vessel en
route to Europe, don’t overlook sending
at least one bottle of iced Champagne in
“Le Can-Can” — an exciting Bon Voyage
gift with the gay touch of the Continent.

 

 

The celebrated firm of Fortnum & Mason
of London reaches its 250th birthday next
month. Iam off Thursday to extend
congratulations to my old friend, David
Dennis, managing director of Fortnum’s.
It is a store that no American who goes
to London should fail to visit.

Where else can one buy a can of peas
or a bottle of Scotch and be waited on
by gentlemen in morning coats and yet
pay no more than at the grocers
around the corner? Where else can one
shop and stand a good chance of seeing
a ruling monarch or ex-King, some mem-
ber of the British Royal Family, or per-
haps a Princess or a Duke? Though
tradition is strong at Fortnum’s certain
things have just happened — its first cash
register has been installed, and an Ameri-
can styled soda-fountain has been es-
tablished, with chandeliers overhead, and
thick carpets below.

They look upon their customers as friends
and go very much out of their way to
give advice to tourists. As a matter of

 

fact, they have many departments which
have proven a real “find” to us Ameri-
cans — there, you will see cashmeres,
tweeds, leathers, laces, linen, pottery,
toys, and china — all free of the British
purchase tax.

And while the woman is store
browsing, the man will have a delightful
interlude visiting the wine crypt reigned
over by Mr. G. R. Polley, surrounded by
17th Century mead and wine carafes set
out on a Grindling Gibbons sideboard.
We at Sherry’s are proud to bring ex-
clusively to New Yorkers their distin-
guished wines and spirits. As a matter of
fact, for the past two years one of my
favorite Scotches has been the Fortnum &
Mason’s Red Seal. And their other wines
and spirits, such as Champagne, Sherry,
Port, Madeira, Cognac and Gin are also
exquisite and unbelievably low priced in
light of their intrinsic merit. Congratu-
lations to a fine old firm on its 250th
Birthday.

663

664

234

169

268

665

322

356

643

o61

543

516

568

563

609

The glories of Burgundy, the
Rhine and Moselle are well rep-
resented here. Each of these is
an Estate bottled jewel, hard to
come by, and represent top flight
vinicultural efforts.

GEVREY-CHAMBERTIN VA ROILLES
1953, Estate Bottled, Deschamps

From a small 15 acre vineyard rated as the ‘Premier
Cuvee” of Gevrey.

CHARMES CHAMBERTIN§ 1953
Estate Bottled, Richard

The Charmes vineyard is rated only slightly below Cham-
bertin itself. Great depth, bouquet and balance.

VOSNE ROMANTEE, SUCHOTS, 1953,
Estate Bottled, Noirot

Bounded on one side by Richebourg, this classic wine has
the same distinction as its illustrious neighbor.

VOLNAY, CLOS DE FREMIET 1953
Estate Bottled, Marquis d’Angerville

Marquis d’Angerville is the dean of this important wine
producing town.

NUITS ST. GEORGES, PORRETS,
1953, Estate Bottled, Henri Gouges

Firm, slow maturing — an extraordinary wine from Henri
Gouges, an exceptional maker of wines.

POMMARD EPENOTS 1953
Estate Bottled, Parent

Pommard is the best known of all Burgundies and Epenots
is the best vineyard. Here is an Estate bottled thorough-
bred that represents Pommard at its best — a far-cry from
the dubious Pommards that flood the market.

NUITS ST. GEORGES ARGILLIERES
1953, Estate Bottled, General Gouachon
Monsieur Gouachon, a retired French Army General, is

the proud producer of this extraordinary fine 1953 Nuits
St. Georges.

BATARD MONTRACHET 1955
Estate Bottled, J. Bavard

Though quite in a class with Montrachet itself, the Batard
is not quite as fabulously expensive. A beautiful 1955.

CHABLIS, BOUGROS, 1953
Estate Bottled, Servin

Lovers of fine Chablis should not overlook this one —
one of the best examples of great Chablis we have ever
tasted.

BIENVENU, BATARD MONTRACHET
1953, Estate Bottled, Sauzet

Sauzet is a superb wine maker and this 1953 has the un-
mistakable flavor of a Montrachet; dryness without harsh-
ness, floweriness without sweetness.

STEINBERGER CABINET 1953

Estate Bottled, Staatsweingut
A collector’s item. One of the most glorious Rheingaus
produced during our generation.

MARCOBRUNNER SPATLESE 1953

Estate Bottled, Langwerth von Simmern

The greatest treasure of the town of Erbach is the Marco-
brunn vineyard, regarded by many as the finest of Ger-
many. Glorious.

SCHLOSS JOHANNISBERGER
CABINET 1953

Estate Bottled, Prince von Metternich

One of the great vineyards of all the world is Schloss
Johannisberg. Their better wines carry the added descrip-
tion of “Cabinet.” Here is a rare 1953.

WACHENHEIMER ALTENBERG 1953
Estate Bottled, Dr. Burklin-Wolf

The best Wachenheims of great years are among the most
sought after wines of Germany. A superb 1953 Pfalz.

SCHARZHOFBERGER 1955
Estate Bottled, Egon Muller

The Scharzhof is a fine old manor house owned for gen-
erations by the Muller family. Superb Saar wine and one
of the great dry white wines of the world.

TRIER KREUZBERG SPATLESE
1953, Estate Bottled, Landes-Weinbaulehrahstalt

A 1953 Ruwer can be classified among the great Moselles
exquisite flowery fragrance and distinguishing lightness.

ZELTINGER HIMMELREICH
SPATLESE 1955,

Estate Bottled, Ehses-Decker

This wine represents one of the highlights of our Spring
tasting trip through the Moselle. If any doubt at all exists
as to the quality that can be achieved among the 1955s,
in the Moselle, tasting this thoroughbred would remove
it completely.

 
