 

BELLS

    
 
 
    

 
   

“48B.” Last Year, a valued client
ordered a case of BELL’S 20 YR.
OLD and it took us a week to

“148A.” A “split” personality Is a man gather enough bottles to fill his
who sees the virtue in splits of cham- order. This year, rather than run
pagne—the encomy because a larger the risk of disappointing our cus-
bottle is not wasted; the petite charm, tomers, we have gathered a rea-
the effect when they arrive in a color- sonable inventory of this 20 Yr. Old
ful box holding 6 splits (no extra Royal Reserve and if you order in
charge for caisette—1.90 split) good time, we can supply a case
BOX OF 6—11.40 or two on request. (141.36 case)

12.40

 

“48E.” We asked an administrator of the Common Market who travels all through Europe
which he considered the best liqueur of the Continent and he replied, “those made by
the wonderful old 17th century firm of WYNAND FOCKINK of Amsterdam, Holland.
Their Fruits and Menthes express their flavor smoothly, subtly and in true fashion.
We have tasted them all, agree with his findings, and enthusiastically offer them to the
New York public who want outstanding liqueurs. Not many cases have been shipped
to America. The flavors presently available are APRICOT, BLACKBERRY, CREME DE
CACAO, GREEN MENTHE, WHITE, MENTHE, ORANGE CURACAO, WHITE COFFEE,
DARK COFFEE, TRIPLE SEC and the romantic PARFAIT AMOUR.

YOUR CHOICE—a// at the same price—7.89

“48G.” The ultimate qualities that the
Cognac connoisseur seek are pale- .
ness and dryness. Mr. Delamain is a “18H.” SANDEMAN, with
scholar among Cognac makers. He their vast sherry holdings is
supplies the exacting tastes of the hardly the firm to ignore the
most discriminating British wine mer- new trend towards pale
chants. The DELAMAIN PALE AND _ lightness in  sherries—par-
DRY Fine Champagne Cognac is ticularly when served over-
much appreciated in Britain and
France, and is only finding it way to
America the first time this month. It
only costs about $2.00 more the bottle
than the usual Cognac but it lifts
brandy-drinking to a new dimension
of subtlety and taste. Please try it
(127.65) 11.20

       
     
   
   
     
    
        

    
 
  
 
  
 

(79.11 case)

 

SO

     
   

LRN

 

LIGHT AMONTILLADO

SANDEMAN

“48C.” OLD BUSHMILL’S is
an Irish as Finian’s Rainbow
and the Blarney Stone. There a
is a Gaelic inscription on the "
handsome gift carton and
we do not know what it
means. A translation would
be appreciated. (84.24 case)

a

sherry taste is preserved large type on
(37.37 case) 3.46 World's lightest
We do know
whisky, makes
Scotch highballs,
most suitable for gift-giving
particularly when
in its beautiful holiday wrap 27.00 case)

excellent

adorned

 

PRODUCT OF SCOTLASY

The Sige en

Mermonious Bh Ltt he Son ale y
Stotch Whiskedes fil matured —
% thely Natural Clad J

STILLER aGeD AND BOTTLED?

areca ee

 

7.39

“48D.” CHEQUERS is not the game that one learns to
play when young, nor is it necessarily a country es-
tate in Britain. Chequers is one of those wonderful
great Scotches that is slowly made in a quiet corner
of the land...in sight of the North Sea... away from
the big cities .. . where the ways of the past still pre-
vail. The distillery was started back in 1790 and when
they paid their taxes, it became legalized in 1821. We
asked the men of lonely Morayshire to account for
their wonderful whisky and they replied... the water
. their barley ... and the old fashioned shovels that
do not bruise the barley... their special dark peat. .
hand feeding the fires . . . distilling slowly and twice
as long... . and their resistance to modernization, for
their last major change in facilities took place back
in 1873. We asked them what this does for the whisky
and they replied, “It gives it a singular mellow soft-
ness which places it in a class apart.” The CHEQUERS
cannot be cheap but it is worth it. (94.05 case) 8.25

   

re
(MEE as
eS
ee & Fe
ARN :

a

ore Whe GOOG) Manion ih Of GEUBEEIN have
pioneered prepared cocktails and now have finally
perfected them. Choose among 11 varieties that range
from the extra dry Martini through the Manhattan, and
even include a Scotch Whisky Sour.

YOUR CHOICE 3.99

the-rocks. Despite the water- “18.” AMBASSADOR
like paleness, the rich SCOTCH proclaims loudly in

its label
Scotch

“18K.” Though POSITANO bears the
name of a charming Italian town, it Is
actually made in Chambery on the
French side of the Franco-ltalian
border. A dry, light, refreshing aperitif
that mixes with Gin, can be served
straight, or as a highball with soda
2.49

a good

and is

6.94

           

| GQune

 
   
  
   
   
    
  

     
 

a*
Aut ANC
