 
   
    
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
   

GIFT IDEA OF THE YEAR

3-JACK DANIELS

IN FRONTIER CHEST

It was simple faith of Lem Motlow, and his sons, who started the JACK DANIEL
Distillery in Tennessee, back in the 19th Century, that has brought its place of high
leadership among the premium bourbons of America. They simply believed that if they
could make the best whiskey they could, even if it was expensive, people would buy it.
Their little distillery at Lynchburg continues to have its ducks waddle, its horses pull
wagons, its laborers stack ricks and chop down hard maple trees.

As Christmas came nearer, and most distilleries sought out glittering gift wraps, the
Jack Daniel people looked in their own backyard, the Tennessee woods, for their
inspiration. They liked the smell and look of the local wood and decided to build a
crude, primitive, but handsome Frontier Chest. There was hardly time to make many
of them, so that they are scarce. The Chests look rather

like an overgrown, giant cigar-box, but made of thick ey ipesuuiles

FRONTIER CHEST

wood, with two simple clasps. It is not elaborate, but in F he 7 ne crea e erect
. etsy % ONLY SIKE ie; baiblrd : Liibiptehs eal ES
the words of the artisan “it’s sure pretty”. 4 SN ok a ae ee te ats tied
é Blo ; 4 seh rr: inks, sere -)

Frontier Chest, even though the whiskey itself, let alone
the chest, is in short supply. What a wonderful Christmas

gift to send your friends—and even yourself! But please NO EXTRA CHARGE
ORDER QUICKLY before they are all gone! FOR CHEST

The price of a bottle of Jack Daniel is $7.25—three >
bottles cost $21.75—there is no extra charge for the
e

 

ye Choose from America’s largest
SAE AL IES

and most carefully selected inventory
ARETE AE SORE

IN THE CITY—No charge for regular deliveries.

However add 90c for gift deliveries below $12.00

   

oe LONG ISLAND & WESTCHESTER—The
We Invite You

$9.95 Hamptons, Northern Westchester, most parts

= to Shar @e Some of Rockland and Orange Counties—
ae of Our Christmas —No charge for deliveries above $12.00.

Add 90c for each delivery below $12.00.

is an
Di i

Ce oe UPPER NEW YORK STATE — and beyond
a Aes ata anc ane cee, United Parcel Zone—No charge for deliveries above $45,
19 ea. ality, good taste and imagination . . . where ee ey meth ee
39 ea. there is always time to discuss your choice,

wv to advise an unhurried atmosphere . . . where
i the prices are the lowest in town. . . where
ZACK delivery before Christmas day can be relied

upon... where, in short, Christmas shopping

1S a JOY... . .. Page Three

   
