Certain wines are at their best when the temperature rises. Somehow,
nothing tastes quite as pleasant as a well chosen Vin Rose during the
lazy, hot days of July and August. Here I can recommend with enthusi-
asm the Tavel 1947 at 1.49, the distinctive Vin Gris of Alsace (1.59).
The gay, eye-pleasing and refreshing pinkness can also be achieved by
adding Creme de Cassis to vermouth, Champagne or a dry white wine.
A drop of Cassis to one of these and you have created a most intriguing
and delightful summer drink (as you may have discovered in many
restaurants throughout France, including the famous Pyramide at
Vienne). Try the Sarrazin Cassis from Dijon—only 3.91.

Have you ever tried Pimms No, 1 Cup when the teniperature
reaches 90 degrees? Pimm’s is an interesting warm weather drink
created in the British Empire (and who would be more aware of tropical
drinking?) which is served usually in a pewter mug and radiates coolness
and refreshment. Just follow the explicit directions on the bottle and
your friends will be most grateful of this temperature-reducing beverage.
(4.74 the bottle. )

Here is a suggestion for which you will be grateful when suddenly
confronted by friends who have just dropped in. Keep several of our
49c splits of Dopff Alsatian wine in your refrigerator. All you will have

to do when you wish to create quickly a pleasant drink, is to pull the
cork, pour the refreshing wine in the glass, and simply serve. Your
friends will love it and you need not even go through the motions of
adding ice cubes and soda, unless they prefer it that way. Each 40c bottle
wil make two drinks.

Here are several other summer notions that strike me pleasantly
splits of Croyden Freres 1943 Champagne at 98c each . . . the glorious
1947 Comte de Moucheron Montrachet for the special summer dinner

. one of the drvest and lightest of all Champagnes, Cramant Brut 1945
(Blane de Blanc) at only 3:69... the S: S° Pierce Prepared Cocktails,
Dry Martini or Manhattan, for only 1.99 (a real labor saving device
simply chill and serve directly from the refrigerator) ... those of you
who have fond memories of the Riviera will be glad to know that we
have the Cote d’Azur Rose 1945 at onlv 1.24 the bottle... Noilly
Cassis, a mixture of Noilly Prat and Cassis. is now available and ready

ior YOUL sunnier drinks (370) .. JANMIES BEARD

. . . Page Twenty-Six

VBR

These attractive pink dry wines assume added charm and
summer time. Happily blessed with the right touch of gaiety
they can be served with ice cubes in a tall glass instead of a highl
can be served chilled with almost any food. | |

PROVENCE ROSE 1945 (Cote d’Azur)

Estate Bottled, Chateau de St. Martin

GRENACHE ROSE (California )
Shipped by Almaden Vineyard

TAVEL 1947 (Rhone Valley)
Shipped by Brotte & Armeniet

TAVEL NOR? CRiione® Valley ) sa... cain cena eae
Estate Bottled, L. Amouroux

ANJOU ROSE (Loire Valley)
Shipped by F. Rossignol

VIN GRIS (Alsace )
Shipped by Domaines Dopft

eRe RGR TO ee ee ee
Estate Bottled, Chateau de Fontcreuse

MOMENT CGE PN i a en
Shipped by L. Cartier

CHATEAU DE SELLE ROSE 1947 (Cotes de Provence)
Estate Bottled, Domaines Ott

CHAMPAGNE ROSE 1945 (Champagne)
Shipped by St. Marceaux

. Page Twenty -Seven

 
