Lhe Wines & Spirits of te Ae page
St. Edmund Hall By F iene
in the Umversity eS Lal

of Oxford

* New York State Law prevents us from advertising liquor prices . . . 0
please telephone, write or visit us... we shall quote you immediately . . .
you will be pleased with the prices .. .

Bottle Case
S4 High Table Fino Sherry SA? - 39.00

The Fellows, in their long black gowns, sweep to their places at High
‘Table—the Senior Fellow taps his gavel—the undergraduates rise—
and then the Fino Sherry is served. Thereafter, the famous Oxford
conversation flows freely, ideas are exchanged, and wit sharpens on wit.
It is out of this tradition that this honourable pale dry Sherry was born.

, oF Abingdon Amontillado Sherry 3.79 42.75
SCOTCH WHISKY | s ERM 8 St. Edmund of Abingdon occupied the exalted seat of Archbishop of

Canterbury from 1234 to 1240. He was the first Oxonian to become
Primate of the English Church and the first to be canonized. This
remarkable Sherry, bearing the name of the town in which St.

S1_ The Scotch of St. Edmund Hall*
A Scotch Whisky of exceptional balance and rich navour. It has

delighted undergraduates and Fellows of St. Edmund Hall for
generations. You will share their enthusiasm for its harmonious
balance and full maturity. The Oxford scholars, glass in hand, delight

in quoting from Robert Burns, ‘Freedom and whisky gang thegither.’

BRANDY

Pale and Dry English Market Cognac Brandy*

Edmund lived, is distinguished by fulness of flavour coupled with a
clean, dry finish. We know of no Amontillado which is superior.

Cyril’s Own Cream Sherry 4.95 55.75

Cyril, the butler, has loyally served the College for over thirty years
and is still there today. Cyril advises freshmen in choosing the right
wines; mixes the punch; prepares the ‘Loving Cup’ from an ancient
and secret recipe; and recommends the Sherry. Here is ‘Cyril’s Own’

Cream Sherry, the one served at tea-time and prior to the weekly
ordeal of the tutorial. Rich, full, dramatically luxurious, very old,
and the peer of any Cream Sherry on the market.

England has a long history of being the world’s most discerning critic ;
of Brandy. The Oxonian takes it seriously and requires that it be pale,
dry, delicate and of superior finesse. This mature spirit has passed the
rigid St. Edmund test. In the Senior Common Room the learned |
scholars delight in a ‘spot of good Cognac’ with their coffee and cigars.

PORT AND MADEIRA

IMPORTED GIN Bottle Case

London Dry Gin* ne Senior Common Room Fine Tawny Port 3.49 39.75

The cellars of Oxford are world-renowned for the impeccable
qualities of their Tawny and Vintage Ports. ‘The Port ceremony—
the table is cleared; its mahogany surface is resplendent with fruit,
bowls of nuts, candelabra; Port glasses are lifted, accompanied by the
ritual salute. ‘GENTLEMEN, THE QUEEN.’ This is the very
Port that has been used countless times for such occasions.

A superlative spirit distilled at go proof, with a flavour approved by
generations of members of St. Edmund Hall. In Oxford, it is drunk
with water and bitters, or with Vermouth. A pure spirit which will do
honour to any long drink, or to Dry Martini.

MEAD
In the Oxford tradition

S9 ee cee Dry Rainwater Madeira 3.79 42.75
Archbishop’s Mead 3.49 39.75

: Mr. R. E. Alton, our Shakespearian scholar and friend at St. Edmund,

One of the oldest drinks in the Western World: a fermentation of reports, ‘Falstaff was said by Poins to have sold his soul for a cup

honey and grape-juice, it was the traditional drink of the Anglo-Saxon
aristocracy when they gathered in the ‘Mead Hall’. King Alfred is the
reputed founder of Oxford University, and his drink, Mead, is still
consumed here. It can be taken like wine with any meal and is an
unusual drink at any time. Serve with gin, vodka or rum—or as a
long drink with bitter lemon, tonic or iced lime juice. Wassail!

of Madeira.’ It is probable that Poins was talking about the
rich, heavy, and sweet Bual or Malmsey Madeira. Here, we recom-
mend a Ramwater Madeira which is light, relatively dry and pale.
It is often served slightly chilled, as one would a dry Sherry, before
dinner. Experts tell us it is the best example of Rainwater produced
on the island of Madeira.

 
