  

  

  

FRENCH CHAMPAGNES— Outstanding Opportunities

No. Bottle Case
Oe TAP Cer BRU ROSE: 1950 IN SPELT (60 ete) con cectenigle issreonssouicinieinoncti gables 1.59 ise

It happened five years ago at the Berkeley Restaurant in Paris—we tasted Taittinger Pink
Champagne and have been delighted with it ever since. The color is Gay Pink, and the
wine is completely dry with beautiful balance and bouquet. And now, New Yorkers can
have it in the handy split size for only $1.59 ~a real bargain by any standard when you
consider that the regular bottle which is only four times the size sells for $9.39.

ee ee rr EE RTE LOA adc cecesitcnascinsdetbceulug aceon 509 = 42.75
| Don't let the low price deceive you =~ here is a fine example of

dry French Champagne at a price considerably below that

which you have been accustomed to pay for native sparkling

wine. You will be delighted with the balance, bouquet and

Pre eZ \ character.

  

[1949]
ELS ht |
EPERNAY bebe Se FRANCE

Sep a eto. 499 36.50

Perhaps the reason may be alphabetical, but you will find this wine listed first on practi-
cally every important wine list throughout the world. Here is an internationally famous
vintage Champagne of breed that be had for 40% less than any famous vintage Cham-
pagne you ever heard of. Our advice is simple—serve Ayala Brut 1949 proudly and
save $20 the case.

ee choc lcengechonsencreussenn 8.48 91.58

We hail this new arrival as a worthy successor to the Bollinger
1947 that has given lustre to many a Champagne glass. Here
is a connoisseurs wine that is just about as good as Cham-
pagne can be. (For those who still have an attachment to the
1947, we might mention that a few cases still remain in our
cellar that can be obtained while they last at $9.20 the bottle,
$99.36 the case).

 

oe Pee! & CHANDON DOM PERIGNON 1047... 10.50 113.40

The classic and historic Dom Perignon bottle is used exclusively by Moet & Chandon to
house their very best wine. There is precious little of it and it is much sought after by
Champagne connoisseurs throughout the world (and for those who like their Dom
Perignon a bit older, there still is some of the 1943, the last that remains in either France

or the United States).
RHONE VALLEY RED WINE

387 CHATEAUNEUF-DU-PAPE, CRU DES FELIBRES, 1952 ........... Ce Rear B19 2 GATS
Estate Bottled, Raymond Fabre

In a recent letter we received from France, our associate writes “High on a hillside, overlooking the historic town
of Chateauneuf-du-Pape, we came upon an amazing vineyard, called ‘des Felibres’ ~ between the vineyard
rows we saw no soil but only rocks, large rocks. In 3,000 miles of vineyard travelling we saw nothing to match it!

   

WEEE: As for the wine, it was outstanding and impressive — full, lusty, powerlul and

| yet there was elegance and breed — certainly, the best red wine we saw
/ anywhere in the Chateauneuf region. The vineyard owner tells us that it is
OOH be : these boulders and lack of fertility of the soil that makes the grapes struggle
yy,” _, to survive and give the wine its richness and class.” If you like Chateauneuf-du-
ANDY Pape, here is one you cannot alfoid to overlook.

679 Niadison Avenue at Gist Street

     

 

SHERRY WINE & SPIRITS CQ., Ine.

 
   
 
 
  
  
 
 
   
  
    
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  

 

Dry i
has reC
best €%
ing th
ens, |
1956).

45).

Asi
tend
you |
inns
Fran
freely

 

  
