 

   

the average level does not quite achieve either of
those two years, but is fairly high. I tasted dozens
of superb Meursault, Montrachet, Corton Charle-
magne, and Chassagne Montrachet, but the average
fell somewhat below what I would consider a great
year. However, in the outlying districts of Pouilly
Fuisse, Pouilly Vinzelles and Chablis, I discovered
that the wines were delicate, of wonderful bouquet,
delightfully fresh and quite up to 1953.

THE WINES OF THE RHINE & THE MOSELLE

These two valleys, not far apart, demonstrate
quite clearly how a vintage can succeed in one area
and prove disappointing in another.

The wine growers of the Rheingau were sad when
I visited them because they had just experienced a
dismal 1954, the worst year of the decade, and now
felt depressed, and rightly so, about their 1955.
These wines, grown so far north, must be gathered
late, usually in November, to get sufficient sunshine
to provide enough sugar and avoid acidity.

On the night of October 19th, 1955, a severe frost
visited the Rhine vineyards, making it necessary for
the growers to gather the grapes too early, before
they had acquired enough sunshine and sugar. The
result is that every example of natural wine that I

tasted was excessively acid and lacked the fruit,

roundness, and charm that the sunshine would have
captured. Many of the growers will find it necessary
to add sugar to the wine to make it palatable.

On the other hand, the devastating frost of Octo-
ber did not hit the Moselle Valley with any real
impact and it was possible for the growers here to
wait until November before they picked the grapes.
The result is that I tasted many excellent, fragrant
and captivating examples of Moselle. None of these
quite equalled the round and charming qualities of
1953, but nevertheless, it is a vintage to be taken
seriously and does approach greatness.

THE WINES OF ALSACE

On the whole, the wines were found to be excep-
tionally good, pleasantly dry and fresh. These wines
will never reach the stature and heights of the great
German wines, but they occupy an important niche
in the wine cellar because they do achieve a high
average and can be acquired generally for about
$2.00 the bottle, while the great German wines are
generally twice the price. Because the Rhines and
Moselles are moving up so dramatically costwise,
I would suggest paying more attention to the excel-
lent and satisfying wines of Alsace. ¥

 

Our associate, Sam Aaron, is now Wine & Spirits Editor of GENTRY Magazine.

His article, the first of a series, is reproduced here for your interest.
