Here are the young, charming wines of the 1961 vintage that have been carefully selected, after days of
tasting, by Alexis Lichine, outstanding wine authority - the same 1961 Beaujolais and Pouilly that have
captured the enthusiasm of wine drinkers throughout France.

They have now arrived in the graceful ‘in-between’ bottle which holds a generous 17 ounces - not as
large as the regular bottle, but almost 50% larger than the half bottle - an ideal size when the half
bottle is not quite enough. CHOOSE AMONG THEM ~ all at the same low price of $1.79 each,
$19.75 the case (if you wish, you can assort any 12 bottles listed here for a total of $19.75).

No. RED WINES

2 MINAVENT, U
284 MOULIN A VENT, BURDELINES, 1961 (Mousset) a NN 3
Excellent color, unusual depth, long-lived ~ from some of the 7 te bottled, |
best vineyard land of Beaujolais. Competes in finesse with some

of its more expensive neighbors to the north on the Cote d'Or.

tone of the des
{ent A peauty :

237 FLEURIE, LES MORIERS, 1961 (Mousset) a BAY DE NON

Many of you are familiar with the delightful 1959 Fleurie that He battled , Sur
M. Mousset produces. Our tasting notes indicate:- "graceful, . ineve
wonderful fruity freshness, deep purplish-red color. Will

maintain vigor for several years’.

IN, CLOS DU
tie bottled, P
hgtad Fixin cor

Chonbertin, Sy

WHITE WINES

POUILLY FUISSE 1961 (Mathias)
One of the most admirable Pouilly Fuisses we have ever tasted -
an authentic estate-bottling from a top producer. Green-gold |
color, outstandingly fine bouquet. WEDE EAU
tn the cell
PINK WINES | | Pte iter

BEAUJOLAIS ROSE 1961 (L. Orizet) Bre
More famous for its red wines, nevertheless, the Beaujolais Nye rw Wie bot
district produces one of the most remarkable pink wines in _ ee BO yee 1
France. You will discover it exhibits much more character & Mei re ee the, %
than the average pink wine and you will be delighted by its , SUL A vEN?
fruit, charm and flavor. BES pe geLaNl?

Be, 1961

L

omoin® “
au Ds aH S

¥

aa,

Gey
y
goa”

 
