ah

If
Acquired
NOW

Case

1966 ESTATE-BOTTLED RED BURGUNDIES (Continued)

No.

NOITS. ST. GEORGES, LES PERDRIX,: Bernard Mugnérets.....scecassececvces 43.95
Mugneret cultivates this 8 acre 'first growth' vineyard magnificently. Generous,
soft, well-balanced, firm, fuller in body than most Burgundies.
BRHIEZEAUINS MUGHERCTC o555' es sce di ahd ah ¢ Gc chile gh Ago te bul cs vee ben
Our tasting notes read, iiawesd athe than power is distinguishing characteristic
here; relatively light but great breed’.
SAVIGNY. DE BEAUNE,,: Cuvee: Arthur Girards’ccs sca etc ccc ccc cecclsswne 8%
Acquired by Frank Schoonmaker at the annual Hospices de Beaune auction. Light,
soft, excellent breed, quick to mature.
POMMARD RUGIENS  LelGURG 55 64-606 pe Ged ca hee hav sche seb eeen hedges ‘
Soft, well-balanced, color medium, very fruity, much breed.
VOSNE ROMANEE,. LES SUCHOTS,. Rene Mugneret:.. 5026000 oscseeceacesce ‘4
In the big leagues. Velvety, soft, will age gracefully, light, beautifully
balanced.

44.50

48.00

INUTTS°ST 2 GEORGES, EES ST.” GEORGES 2H Gouges cc ibs cee eek cer ee 053

Soft, well-balanced. From the best single producer and vineyard in all Nuits.

Remarkable.

CORTON BRESSANDES, Chandon de Briailles...ccessccscesccccsoccccececes
Powerful, full, big, but will mature beautifully within 3 years.

BEAUNE Cuvee Brunet cic. esas nos Os os cue 5 Ch sie Gebae vs ew usin te abies Us 6
Acquired by Frank Schoonmaker at the Hospices de Beaune auction. He states,

"one of the best red wines | tasted among the many samples submitted. Out-

standing value."

GRANDS ECHEZEAUX,.-Mongeard=Mugnerét is ve ccns'e cess ecteccuseceeeso
Great vineyard. Bounded by Clos Vougeot on the south and Musigny on the north.
Full, rich, very distinguished.

GLOS DE VOUGEOT, Grivel. <civeas costae eSctebesreu cee segs oes e ey dee ees
Comes from the upper part of the vineyard where the finer wines are produced.

Schoonmaker states, "distinguished more for its breed and bouquet than for its

body and power."
LATRIGIERES GHAMBERTIN, HissPonsots. cdc ou chutes soe cls bs 0s bees decease.
From a 15-acre Grand Cru vineyard. In the same exalted league as Chambertin
itself. In the skillful hands of Ponsot, it will grow for another 20 years.

CORTON, Riuvee Doctaur reste 562. Cac crea ee cone eh a an aS
Consistently commands the highest price of any of the barrels offered at the

Hospices de Beaune auction. Noble heritage. Only 480 cases on sale.

By far, the greatest single red wine vineyard of the Cote de Beaune.

CHAMBER TIN, “OCOS: DE BEZE, Gahini ss. paves ies cceh se hawiedte sea cndeeceN
From Schoonmaker's Encyclopedia, ‘authentic Chambertin is invariably expensive
but is worth what it costs, for there is no better red Burgundy and few as good -
powerful, long-lived, with astonishing class and breed’. We concur with

Alexandre Dumas' statement, "nothing makes the future look so rosy as to contem-
plate it through a glass of Chambertin." We know of no better producer than our

good friend, Pierre Gelin, and we know of no better Burgundy regardless of price.

BOMNES MARES, Comte dé V Ociite oy snd seus cov ibe A pienaw be eR Ore A eas Pa
Small, celebrated Burgundian vineyard classified among the best ten of the

Cote d'Or. Competes with Chambertin in power but exhibits greater finesse
especially under the loving care of a truly magnificent grower, Comte de Vogue.
A ‘great’.

MUSIGNY, VIETLLES VIGNES; Comte de Vogue’. oo) sb save cchiy ine wees Peas
A small portion of this 16-acre keciied vineyard is still planted | in oresphylionerd
vines that pre-date the 1870s. It remains the proud property of Comte de Vogue.
Most experts agree that this noble, long-lived, Burgundian classic represents the
highest heights achievable on the Cote d'Or. We were fortunate to be able to
obtain a few cases. Please order now, before they are spoken for.

* Only those items bearing an asterik are available in half bottles = at $3.00 the case additional

SHERRY -LEHMANN, INC. 679 MADISON AVE., N. Y. C. 10021 TE 8 = 7500

 
