M-15

M-16

M-17

M-18

M-19

M-20

M-21

M-22.

M-23

M-24

M-26

M-27

M-28

M-29

THE GREAT CHATEAU BOTTLED 1970 CLARETS OF BORDEAUX (Continued)

If Acquired
NOW

Case
CHATEAU L’ANGELUS (S5& Emilion)... 7.3 .; 39.75

Sturdy, generous, agreeable—the wine featured by many
French restaurants.

CHATEAU RAUSAN SEGLA (Margaux) ...... 39.75
Thomas Jefferson once wrote, ‘“Razan-Margau, this is
what I import for myself.” (Note the archaic 18th Century
spelling—nevertheless, Mr. Jefferson was referring to this
specific vineyard.)

CHATEAU DUCRU BEAUCAILLOU (St. Julien). 41.50
Beaucaillou means ‘beautiful pebbles’—the characteristic
of this stony vineyard that gives the wine its unique
richness and style.

CHATEAU LYNCH BAGES (PaGilagy <i. 3. 41.50
Rich, full; almost achieves the weight of Mouton-
Rothschild—its neighbor.

CHATEAU MONTROSE (St. Estephe) ........ 41.50
Rich, full, slow to mature, big—in the style of Chateau
Latour.

CHATEAU LEOVILLE LASCASES (St. Julien).. 42.25
This 1970 will probably surpass even the exalted heights
this vineyard achieved in 1959. In the grand tradition.

CHATEAU PICHON LALANDE (Pauillac)..... 45.95
Distinguished for balance and depth of flavor. Similar in
characteristics to the Chateau Latour vineyard, which it
surrounds on three sides.

CHATEAU PRIEURE LICHINE (Margaux)..... 46.50
The happy home of Alexis Lichine, one of the world’s
great wine authorities. This 1970 holds its head high
against any Margaux produced.

GHATEAU BELA (St. Emilion)... ....:. <<. 47.50
Owned by Chateau Ausone, and matured in the Chateau
Ausone cellars. Difficult to distinguish them. Deep in
color, round.

CHATEAU BOUSCAUT (Graves) ..4%..00500.. 48.50
There are 12 ‘Grand Crw’ classified vineyards in Graves,
among which Chateau Haut Brion reigns supreme. In
this noble class can be found Chateau Bouscaut—a wine
that develops more quickly than a comparable Medoc,
yet still retains the virtues of long life. Even a 1928
Bouscaut tastes virile today.

CHATEAU BEYCHEVELLE (St. Julien)........ 48.50
Finesse is distinguishing characteristic of this noble vine-
yard—graceful and elegant.

CHATEAU PAPE CLEMENT (Graves) ........ 48.50
The Archbishop of Bordeaux owned this vineyard in the
14th Century. When he became Pope Clement V, the
vineyard name was acquired. Although not a ‘Cru Classé’
like Bouscaut, nevertheless, the wine is proving so good
that it commands the same price level on the Bordeaux
market.

CHATEAU LASCOMBES (Margaux) .......... 48.50
Some compare it to Chateau Margaux itself. Certainly,
it is in the same exalted company. Outstanding color,
finesse and bouquet.

CHATEAU TALBOT (St. Julien). 4. ...0-:.-.-. 52.50
Big, full-bodied, one of the most successful of the St.
Juliens.

CHATEAU MOUTON-BARON PHILIPPE 92.50
This vineyard was formerly part of Chateau Mouton-
Rothschild, and then was separated in about 1800. The
proprietor is the same—Baron Philippe de Rothschild. An
excellent ‘Grand Cru’—a bit lighter than Mouton, but of
the same noble heritage and breed. Extraordinary oppor-
tunity here to acquire a true classic for a relatively mod-
est investment.

CHATEAU PALMER (Margaux) .............. 72.50

Hard to come by—always expensive. Adjacent to Chateau
Margaux. Good fruit and finish—extraordinary breed.

The Seven Giants of Bordeaux

Here are the ‘noblest vineyards of them all.’ Vineyards that set the
standard—not only for the red wines of Bordeaux, but for the red
wines of the world. Here are clarets endowed with such power,
balance and longevity that they will be alive and vibrant even two
decades hence.

Just as an art collector hesitates to quote quickly the price of his
most precious masterpieces, so the proprietors of these noble
vineyards hesitate to put their wines on the market too soon after
the harvest, particularly when the vintage proves to be as out-
standing as 1970.

CTT Tae Me Ol hig

No. For Those Below
M-31 CHATEAU PETRUS (Pomerol) Firm price will be
Because of health of Merlot fuse in the Spring
grapes, Chateau Petrus 1970 may
well be the best Petrus produced in the last two decades.
Only 16 acres—hard to come by—important you reserve

now and confirm in the Spring when price becomes
known. Dramatic velvetyness—a glory.

M-32 CHATEAU LATOUR (Pauillac) Firm price will be
Full-bodied, firm, but with ex- | caper in the Spring
ceptional softness in 1970. Will
live for decades. Reserve your needs now.

M-33 CHATEAU MARGAUX (Margaux) | Firm price will be
Tasting from cask, it is display- [scenes in the Spring
ing fine deep color, good balance
and rich bouquet. Reserve now.

M-34 CHATEAU CHEVAL BLANC
(St. Emilion)
Like the Petrus, the Merlot grape
came through absolutely ‘perfect,’ providing one of the
best Cheval Blancs of the generation.

M-35 CHATEAU LAFITE-ROTHSCHILD) Firm price will be
(Pauillac) ee in the Spring

We have watched the Lafite 1961

and 1959 climb to the $500 per case mark and beyond.
Given another decade, the same astronomic climb will
surely happen to this Lafite.

M-36 CHATEAU MOUTON
ROTHSCHILD (Pauillac)
The bigness and power of this
vineyard is brought into unique balance because the
proper ratio of healthy Merlot grapes are included in the
final wine. Destined to be a classic. Reserve now—we
will quote in the Spring, subject to your confirmation.

M-37 CHATEAU HAUT BRION Firm price will be
quoted in the Spring

(Graves)
Very big, full; power, combined

with elegance. Uudoubtedly, the best Graves produced
in 1970—in the same exalted league as Lafite, Mouton and
Latour. Now is the time to acquire this great, great claret.
Since the price will surely be higher in the Spring of
1972, the Spring of 1971 is the time to acquire this giant.

TERMS AND INFORMATION

All of the 1970 red Bordeaux wines listed here will be available for delivery
during the latter part of 1973.

The prices quoted here include delivery charges to your home or warehouse
of your choice, provided that it is within the vast United Parcel delivery zone
(which includes New York City, Long Island, Westchester and parts of Rock-
land and Orange counties).

If the delivery is beyond the United Parcel zone, but within New York State,
there will be no charge for delivery if any single shipment is in excess of
$150.00 (if below $150.00, there will be a charge of $9.50 for shipment to
an upstate address).

Shipment can only be to a state where legally permitted. If you are not cer-
tain as to whether we can ship to the state in which you reside, you can
check with the local liquor authority or make inquiry from us.

Kindly add the appropriate sales tax prevailing at the time of purchase and
in your area.

Check in payment must accompany order.

If the wine that you order is in excess of the storage space in your home,
your purchase can be stored by you, in warehouse cellars that can be recom-
mended highly. On inquiry, we will gladly advise you of prevailing storage
rates.

The 1970 vintage is available in half-bottles and magnums at $3.00 per case
additional. Since these wines are not yet in bottle, you have free choice as
to which wines you may want in half-bottles or magnums, provided that you
advise us well in advance of bottling.

Firm price will be
quoted in the Spring

Firm price will be
quoted in the Spring

    

{

   

 
  
   
 
