 

7n-

1f-

25

m-
10t
ted
the

95
ro-
ing

at
till

9: See ee

 
  
   

With Some Observations

We are not qualified to discuss the social, political or
economic changes that have taken place on the American
scene during 1970. However, we feel that we may be
endowed with sufficient knowledge to make observations
on the role of wines and spirits as part of current Ameri-
can culture.

The consumption of the more hearty spirits has made no
dramatic gains, only slightly exceeding the normal popu-
lation growth. But this is not true of wine consumption.
If the population shows a 2% per annum growth rate,
the consumption of table wines is shooting upwards at
the explosive rate of 15%. Since the productive capaci-
ties of the good vineyards of the world are necessarily
limited to geographic boundaries, legal restrictions, and
the lengthy time it takes to grow wines (they can’t be
produced on an assembly line like television sets, auto-
mobiles or clothing).

The increased demand for wine poses both a problem and
an opportunity. If you find a Chateau Lafite-Rothschild
too exalted in price, you should explore other chateau-
bottlings—but still drink good wine. It also means that
we will have to pay more heed to our native vineyards
and look to the lesser regions of France, Spain and Chile,
to seek out good, honest, everyday wines, rather than
dwell on the exalted heights of the noble, famed and
historically classic vineyards.

This need not be an unbearable price to pay for the com-
radely privilege of sharing with the rest of the world the
joy of drinking good wine. Drinking wine is not a lonely

 

pleasure. Just as a lover requires a beloved, so wine re-
quires a companion to share its pleasures, to talk about
it, to elevate the meal, and to experience its message.
In looking into our crystal ball of the future, we ask you
—no, we plead with you—to start adventuring among
the bypaths of ‘winedom’—consider the excellence of
lesser known chateau-bottled clarets, Burgundies that
are unheralded but nevertheless excellent; wines from
the more remote and romantic parts of the globe, includ-
ing our own state of New York as well as California.
Now is the time to begin—we promise you that the re-
wards will be great.

This brochure is dedicated to that concept. If you browse
through its pages, you may find wine that you never
have experienced or heard of. But we wouldn’t have in-
cluded them in this catalogue had they not passed our
test of intrinsic excellence.

WE WARMLY INVITE YOU TO ADVENTURE WITH US!

DELIVERY INFORMATION

WITHIN U.P.S. ZONE: No charge for delivery within vast U.P.S.
zone on orders of $15 or more. This includes Long Island, Westchester,
and most of Rockland County. Below $15, kindly add $1.50 for de-
livery charge.

BEYOND U.P.S. ZONE (but within New York State): No charge for

delivery up to the Canadian border on orders of $150 or more. (This
is a minimum charge that trucking companies impose upon us for
upstate deliveries.) Below $150, kindly add $9.50 for each shipment.

HOURS: Open until 7 p.m. daily including Saturday.

SALES TAX: Within New York City, kindly add 6%. Beyond New York
City, add appropriate tax for area involved.

Printed by ATWATER PRESS— 2/7]

 

  
