  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
   
    
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
      
    

quality was soon recognized, and his
cellars were awarded the Royal
Warrant by King George V in
1911 and have been consistently

supplying the Royal household

until the present. The most
sought after cider of Great

‘“‘Best hard cider encountered in Britain, it is produced with lov-
ing care from cultivated cider

  
 
   

Europe—refreshing flavor, fine fruit

| apples (bitter-sweets) grown |
—delightful for summer drinking” — | ;
5 : , ae in the West of England and (is)
states James Beard on return from matured to perfection by wT
master cider-makers who

European gastronomic tour. :
have accumulated their ae

Mr. Beard advises us further, “in Great Britain knowledge from generation a
14

. ° ° ° Pe ° 5 ey eg | j 5 i
hard cider with its spritely 6% alcohol, is almost to generation. iP BULMER & COL!

HEREP ORD Exon? |

 

as inexpensive and popular as ale and beer. Not As a warm weather thirst
yet a ‘familiar creature in the states, I know it quencher, it has few equals
will be appreciated this Summer. Its lighthearted, when served straight or over
fruity-flavor will add new joy and interest to the rocks in a tall glass with a
warm-weather drinking. I discovered the best of dash of lemon or lime added—or it can be served
the ciders in the impressive cellars of H. P. Bul- chilled and consumed joyously right through the
mer of Hereford.” summer meal just as one might a white wine.

Mr. Bulmer’s first cider was made in a small shed

back in 1887 for Queen Victoria’s Jubilee. The CASE % @ @ > ,
ee | OF 12

BOTTLES

By Appointment q 4
to H.M. The Queen BY THE BOTTLE e ¢
Cider Makers
H. P. Bulmer & Co. Ltd

preerenee  /, So many people are seeking a summer change in

eS 7 their drinking habits that we cannot refrain from

telling you about a delightful variant we have a
just run across—the BULMER QUENCHER. It q
is easy to make since it simply consists of 4 ounces
of Bulmer Cider mixed with 2 ounces of Vodka
and a dash of fresh lemon juice for added zest.
Serve icy cold or on the rocks and your friends
will forget the temperature and concentrate on
toasting your health.

NEW — IMAGINATIVE — INEXPENSIVE
EXCITING HOUSE GIFT!

   

*Fibre glass insulated—
keeps 300 ice cubes cold for
many hours.

 
   
   
   
   
 
 

Wooden ‘Barrel Cooler’’

Keeps food, wine and ice cold
for long periods—a happy gift
harmony when filled with six

bottles of Cider!
q We My
| dy } ‘ x
PRINCE PHILIP VISITING BULMER’S COMPLETE WITH 6 BOTTLES ly

       
     
  

REMARKABLE CIDER CELLARS Barrel Cooler retails regularly at

2 $10.50—your cost is only $4.95 for
Cooler plus $5.00 for the six bottles.
