 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
  
    
 
   
   
  

   

The firm of Wisdom & Warter, over a
century old and one of the great Jerez
producers, holds some of the best stocks

of aged sherry in Spain.

Here is an extraordinary opportunity to
Spain’s finest (not their ordinary)
sherries...at prices made possible only
by a gigantic acquisition...and the en-

tire savings are passed on to you.

spom 3 WP

«
ISRET Ela Feet,

Only a few years ago each of these wines
sold for over $3 the bottle and were con-

sidered good value at the time.

 

No. Bottle Case

Me ONT FINO PALA ¢ einer sa oe a

A magnificent example of bone dry, pale, straw colored Sherry. This classic “Fino Palma” has helped Wisdom &
Warter achieve its great international reputation, now a century old. An ideal aperitif when served slightly chilled.
The equal of many Finos that command $3.00 or more the bottle.

eS wenews ROYAL BROWN OLOROSO . .....

There are few wines produced in the world that quite achieve the rich, deep flavor, or dark color depth of a fine
Brown Sherry. Here is a typical, fully aged example. Highly recommended between meals with fruit, nuts or
cake, or as an after-dinner dessert wine.

oe werent > AMONTILLADO FINO...

As this name implies, a good Amontillado belongs to the Fino family, but they acquire certain different characteristics
as they mature; the ‘color becomes more amber-like. As in the Finos, they are very dry, more nutty in flavor and
develop greater body. Here is a perfect example of fine Amontillado that normally commands well over $3.00 the
bottle. ?

oa eG 5 GOLDEN CREAM. 6 6 So ee ere

Generally speaking, a top-flight Cream Sherry such as this is the oldest and most luxurious of the wines found in
the Bodegas of Jerez. Usually, a fine Cream Sherry of a reputable firm commands $5.00 or more the bottle. It is
no ordinary event to obtain this medium dry, dramatically rich, wine for only $2.49, We urge that you try it.

6

AScperh
erries

 

be
pelo can
Bu

lp prices *

=

ost in
bn

ie vel"
Hay

Blane, °°

4J/

199
