 

 

quality was soon recognized, and his
cellars were awarded the Royal

‘‘Dest hard cider encountered in Warrant by King George V in

: ; 1911 and have been consistently
— : ne fruit
Hacone ee hcgers feed supplying the Royal household

—delightful for summer drinking”— _ .,,4i1 the present. The most

states James Beard on return from — sought after cider of Great
Britain, it is produced with lov-

; ec ing care from cultivated cider
Mr. Beard advises us further, ‘in Great Britain apples (bitter-sweets) grown

hard cider with its spritely 6% alcohol, isalmost _;, the West of England and
as inexpensive and popular as ale and beer. Not vatured to perfection by
yet a ‘familiar creature in the states, I know it aster cider-makers who
will be appreciated this Summer. Its lighthearted,

  
 
   

European gastronomic tour.

have accumulated their

fruity-flavor Lies ae joy a ee 0 knowledge from generation |
warm-weather rinking. I iscovered the best o to generation. ip Bur sie ol
the ciders in the impressive cellars of H. P. Bul- eens

As a warm weather thirst on

mer of Hereford. quencher, it has few equals

Mr. Bulmer’s first cider was made inasmallshed when served strai ght or over
back in 1887 for Queen Victoria’s Jubilee. THe she socked call glass with a

 

dash of lemon or lime added—or it can be served

chilled and consumed joyously right through the

So many people are seeking a summer change in} summer meal just as one might a white wine.
their drinking habits that we cannot refrain from

telling you eo a delightful variant we have

just run across—the BULMER QUENCHER. It CASE § g a
is easy to make since it simply consists of 4 ounces OF 12

of Bulmer Cider mixed with 2 ounces of Vodka BOTTLES

and a dash of fresh lemon juice for added zest.

Serve icy cold or on the rocks and your friends The Oucen BY THE BOTTLE O7e

will forget the temperature and concentrate on | 4. eee ig

toasting your health.

Sy ™ WORLD FAMOUS CELLARS
i OF POMMERY and GENO

nr eb eee + ae ee | acikibnind. stalin satcateiomaniiniasummnneietiea

   
   

  
  

 

(ties

The CUVEE ALBERT BRUT comprise the most ‘ 99
treasured bottles that exist in the world famous
cellars of Pommery & Greno. And with good reason 5

—the birth of Albert, Marquis de Beaux, as the

heir of Prince and Princess Rainier III called for a The FIFTH
Champagne par excellence. Beautifully balanced,

bone dry, Cuvee Albert Brut easily surpasses in $ 50
quality many Champagnes that sell for 50% more

the bottle —a happy choice for your own House

entertaining. The CASE

14(

Thi:
$4.5

firm

14:

No |
Co.

14§

Mar
of I
Scot
that
the -

Im:
sele
