THE WALL STREET JOURNAL

© 1968 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

, * * EASTERN EDITION

Investment in Wines
Is Fine, 1f You Dow't
Drink Up the Profits

* *

Prices Soar as Demand Rises,
But Resale Poses Problems;
Some in U.S. Buy Vineyards

By PAULINE TAI

Staff Reporter of THE WALL STREET JOURNAL

NEW YORK—One nice thing about invest-
ing in wine, says Peter J. Morrell, a New York
wine dealer, is that ‘‘the only way to learn is
to keep drinking.”’

Another nice thing is that the investments
often pay off handsomely. A case of Chateau
Petrus 1961 cost $75 in 1962, for instance, but it
now is worth $235. A case of Petrus 1959, origi-
nally $38, now goes for $250. And if the price
doesn’t go up, all is not lost—the wine is still
there for the drinking.

With all this in mind, a number of business
and professional men with sensitive palates
and fat wallets are investing a lot of their time
and money in wine. “It’s a good investment
when you figure that what costs $2 or $3 a bot-
tle today will cost $10 in a few years,’’ says Mo
Lebowitz, a graphic designer in New York.

But everyone agrees that profits aren’t fore-
most in the minds of wine investors. Wine in-
vesting is as much a social activity as it is a
business pastime. ‘‘Returns are likely not to be
completely in dollars and cents but in the im-
mense pleasure that can be shared with
friends’’ while drinking up part of the invest-
ment, says a connoisseur in Washington. Mr.
g | Lebowitz, the designer, says, “It’s a way of
1 | life.”’

Whatever the reason, the number of wine
investors—and therefore the number of wine
connoisseurs—seems to be rising. ‘‘Today,
wine has become the status symbol in this
country—what a Cadillac was in years past,”’
claims Sam Aaron, president of Sherry-Leh-
mann Inc., wine and spirits merchants. He
says college professors are the greatest wine
connoisseurs in the U.S. because they like to
linger over dinner and talk, and he claims that
some of these professors spend $2,000 of their
relatively modest annual incomes on wine.

Not for Sale

But there are problems in wine investing.
For one thing, you may fall in love with your
wines and not want to sell them, preferring in-
stead to uncork them for festive occasions.

rh

”

Sea a

Ee og tt tah ie

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 13, 1968

Another problem is that wines can’t be re-
sold except by licensed dealers. So some inves-
tors merely break the law (or become deal-
ers). A third problem is that if not stored prop-
erly, wines spoil. Wine should be kept in a cool,
cellar-like room where the temperature doesn’t
fluctuate much. This could make life rather un-
comfortable—and crowded—if a connoisseur
only has a two-room apartment.

This last problem, though, is solvable. It
now is possible to store wines in warehouses in
some cities, usually at 20 cents per case per
month. And some wine shops will store cases of
wine free for their regular customers, though
this is illegal.

Though most wine investors pride them-
selves on their knowledge of their goods, a per-
son really needn’t know much to turn a profit
in wine, many wine dealers claim. They say,
an investment in almost any name wine from
France or Germany appreciates almost auto-
matically every year. The reason is simple.
“The consumption of these wines has gone up
tremendously in the past 50 years, but the pro-
duction in these areas has remained the same.
Thus, there now is a great scarcity,’’ says Mi-
chael Aaron, nephew of Sam and manager of
Sherry-Lehmann.

His Uncle Sam even is willing to cite what
he claims is a sure thing: Haut Brion 1966. In
1967, this sold for $79.50 a case. Now it goes for
$99.50. And by 1971, insists Sam Aaron, the
price will be $200.

A Tidy Increase

But the shrewd investor can do much more
than just double his money. One wealthy con-
noisseur bought a large quantity of Chateau
Lafite-Rothschild 1959 for $2.50 a bottle in 1960.
Today’s price: $30 a bottle.

For some, investing in wine leads to greater
outlays—investing in French vineyards. The
Douglas Dillon family owns a vineyard, and
David Rockefeller of Chase Bank, Gilbert
Kahn of Kuhn-Loeb, wine importer*Alexis Lich-
ine and several other Americans jointly own
another. And recently a dozen U.S. business-
men led by Charles Wohlstetter, chairman of
Continental Telephone, and Howard Sloan, an
insurance man, bought a French vineyard that
produces about 10,000 cases a year.

‘‘The trend now is for the financial commu-
nity to be involved in vineyards as well as
wines,’’ says Sam Aaron.

For most wine lovers, though, the greatest
pleasure still is in the sipping. ‘‘Wines are so
much better than whisky. Whisky is a conver-
sation killer, while wines encourage fascinating
talk,’’ says Charles Frankel, a professor at Co-
lumbia and former Assistant Secretary of
State. And H. Gregory Thomas, wine connois-
seur and the president of Chanel Inc., says: ‘‘A
bottle of wine has no value until it is opened
and drunk,’’

REPRODUCED ABOVE IS AN HISTORIC
ARTICLE THAT :-DELINEATES THE
DRAMATIC NEW TRENDS IN WINE
APPRECIATION AND BUYING.

WINE HAS COME OF AGE WHEN IT
APPEARS ON THE FRONT PAGE OF
THE WALL STREET JOURNAL,

SHERRY-LEHMANN, INC.

WINE & SPIRITS MERCHANTS
679 Madison Ave. At 61 St, New York, N. Y. 10021 - TEmpleton 8-7500

“The greatest thing about wines is that they
appreciate with years,’’ says the Washington
man. Then he adds: ‘‘But I’m not interested in
selling.’’

 
