 

 

SACL

MADEIRA

A wine for the appreciative few

 

By SAM AARON

@ If at this very moment you were a guest in my home, I
would probably be offering you a wine glass two-thirds full of
a gleaming tawny liquid. I would say: ‘‘ Madeira, Sercial, and
old.”’ Let us assume you are now holding the glass and breathing
the bouquet of the wine.

Since you have a sense of history (all of us have some emo-
tional attachment to past glories), you will contemplate for
just a moment or so the treasure in your hand. This is an elo-
quent relic. If you wish, it can conjure up for you a vision of
great wine-laden sailing ships on the long voyage from Africa
to Boston. It can call to your mind a picture of quiet drawing
rooms in Georgian homes, adorned with Aubusson rugs and
stately highboys.

This is the wine that was drunk throughout colonial America
—on Boston’s Beacon Hill, in mansions on the James River, in
homes of Southern planters. Madeira was the most acceptable
wine that might be offered guests as an apéritif, through the
meal and after the meal. It was an all-purpose wine, and a
decanter of it always stood on the buffet. It also presided in the
kitchen, where it was used in many dishes, especially those
indigenous favorites, turtle soup and terrapin stew—when the
Madeira was as indispensable as the turtle itself.

Although Madeira won favor in India under the British
Rajahs and in England in Victorian times, it is a peculiarly
American wine. This is the scene of its zenith. The popularity of
Madeira in this country continued for more than two centuries.
On the menus of the fine restaurants and inns of a hundred years
ago—in New York, Boston, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Savannah
—more Madeiras of different sorts appear on the lists than all
other wines together.

Then through a series of mishaps, unending vineyard pesti-
lences and wars, the decanters of Madeira disappeared from
American buffets. Barrels of Madeira were no longer ordered for
the well-stocked cellar. By the time Prohibition was repealed, it
was an almost forgotten wine.

Now it is enjoying a vigorous revival. This is not a fad.
Madeira is one of the world’s great fortified wines—third mem-
ber of the triumvirate that includes Port and Sherry. It is
incredibly long-lived, the hardiest of any wine known today.
Most of the old Madeiras (I have tasted the vintage of 1792)
are held jealously by shippers so that their body and richness
can be blended in small quantities with present vintages.
Occasionally a small number of very old bottles is shipped to

 

this
experience a certain feeling of
timelessness when I sample the

country, and I, for one,

9

‘“‘nose’’ and flavor of grapes that
were growing in the vineyard
about the time that Andrew
Jackson was winning the Battle
of New Orleans.

It is no accident, but of high
symbolic significance, to learn
that there is a treasured room on
the island of Madeira which con-
tains a cache of 19th-century vin-
tage Madeiras, all of which have
been reserved for a New York
wine merchant, with noneremain-

ing for England, Portugal, or
Scandinavia. It is almost a library ,
dedicated to the fond memory of
the close relationship that existed

Here is a wine article, written for House Beautiful by our
associate, Sam Aaron of Sherry-Lehmann, Inc.,

The article in its entirety appears below
through the courtesy of House Beautiful.

 

150 years ago between the island
of Madeira and the United States.
A tantalizing question is why

this special wine, produced only
on a semi-tropical island off the
north-west coast of Africa, exotic
in flavor (always with a pro-
nounced gout de terroir—taste of
the soil—and sometimes power-
fully sweet), should have domi-
nated the wine-drinking habits of
Americans for two centuries?
The compelling reason was
money. Madeira was a bargain.
Shipping and importing in colo-
nial days were controlled by the
British crown, and by royal decree
all European products imported
to the colonies had to be shipped
by way of England and carried in

  
