 

 

Kentucky Straight Bourbon Whiskey

OLD CROW is the first of the world-famous, historic distilleries of Kentucky to make
the momentous decision of bottling its Bourbon at the milder 86 proof in response to
the growing demand for lighter Bourbon. This automatically results in an important
price reduction since all of the savings accruing from the decrease in the Federal Ex-
cise tax and more are passed on to you in this new low price.

The roots of Old Crow are buried deep in the history of America—one hundred years
have passed since that day when James Crow first built his distillery along the Ken-
tucky frontier. It is this very whiskey that was favored by Mark Twain and Henry Clay
—and described by Daniel Webster as “The finest in the world.”

Old Crow at this new low price level deserves an immediate trial on the part of anv
Bourbon drinker.

Now only *4°° Tue Firta!

MARK TWAIN VISITS THE OLD CROW DISTILLERY

The famous humorist considered Old Crow the finest of bourbons
and went to see for himself how it was made.

Daniel Webster
called Old Crow “the finest
in the world.”

More than a century ago, silver-
tongued orator Daniel Webster lifted
a tall, clay jug, sipped its contents,
and almost without hesitation de-
clared with thunderous certainty,
‘The finest whiskey in the world!”

As was so often the case Webster
was not alone in his judgments on
matters of public interest. Later, fel-
low-legislator Henry Clay tasted this
self-same bourbon and from then on
had it shipped regularly to him in
Washington.

 

2) gallons a day was Crow’s original production

To America’s favorite humorist,
Mark Twain, the making of fine whis-
key was no laughing matter. Back in
ihe 1880’s he visited the Old Crow
Distillery to see for himself just how
his favorite Kéntucky Bourbon was
produced. Twain returned from Ken-
tucky some weeks later with a work-

COMMENT BY A

ing knowledge of distilling and 2
sizeable supply of Old Crow.

One of Twain’s biographers has
remarked, “Mark Twain, as well as
many other ¢ n drinkers of
those. g anit YO”
Crow
sugar q

Our associate at Sherry Wine & Spirits, KENNETH DEAN, has a particularly keen
palate in regard to good Kentucky Rourbon. His grandfather, Thompson Dean,
owned a distillery in Kentucky during the Civil War period. Consequently, the -
drinking of Kentucky Bourbon has become a matter of discrimination among the
members of the Dean family. In the opinion of Ken Dean, “This bottling of Old
Crow possesses the flavorsome richness, and delicate bouquet, associated with good

old-fashioned Kentucky Bourbon.”

%

SHERRY WINE & SPIRITS CO., Ine.
679 MADISON AVENUE at Gist Street - TEmpleton 83-7500

 
