    

 

St. Edmund Hall, one of the oldest colleges that comprise
Oxford University, has permitted Sherry’s to make avail-
able to discriminating drinkers (and discriminating recip-
ients of Christmas spirits) a limited supply of its special
selections. The wines and spirits listed below that
proudly bear the name of St. Edmund Hall are, in every
sense, worthy of their origin and are remarkable bottles
of unique quality—be it Scotch, Sherry, Cognac, Port or
Madeira. Whether you have attended Oxford or not, you
and your friends will drink of these bottles joyously for
the intrinsic goodness that each will surely provide.

*New York State Law prevents us from advertising liquor prices...so
please telephone, write or visit us... we shall quote you immediately
... you will be pleased with the prices....

S1 The Scotch of St. Edmund Hall*

A Scotch Whisky of exceptional balance and rich flavour. It has de-
lighted undergraduates and Fellows of St. Edmund Hall for generations.
You will share their enthusiasm for its harmonious balance and full
maturity. The Oxford scholars, glass in hand, delight in quoting from
Robert Burns, ‘Freedom and whisky gang thegither.’

S2 Pale and Dry English Market Cognac Brandy*

England has a long history of being the world’s most discerning critic
of Brandy. The Oxonian takes it seriously and requires that it be pale,
dry, delicate and of superior finesse. This mature spirit has passed the
rigid St. Edmund test. In the Senior Common Room the learned scholars
delight in a ‘spot of good Cognac’ with their coffee and cigars.

S3 London Dry Gin*

A superlative spirit distilled at 90 proof, with a flavour approved by
generations of members of St. Edmund Hall. In Oxford, it is drunk with
water and bitters, or with Vermouth. A pure spirit which will do honour
to any long drink, or to Dry Martini.

In the Oxford tradition

Bottle Case

S9 Archbishop’s Mead 3.49 39.75
One of the oldest drinks in the Western World: a fermentation of honey
and grape-juice, it was the traditional drink of the Anglo-Saxon aristoc-

racy when they gathered in the ‘Mead Hall’. King Alfred is the reputed
founder of Oxford University, and his drink, Mead, is still consumed
here. It can be taken like wine with any meal and is an unusual drink at
any time. Serve with gin, vodka or rum—or as a long drink with bitter
lemon, tonic or iced lime juice. Wassail!

   

The Vines & Spirits of
t. Edmund Hall

in the Umversity

of Oxtord

Nel
a omme neem

SENIOR COMMON ROOM
FINE TAWNY PORT

    
     
     
     

BLENDED
SCOTCH WHISKY

E/pecialty felected for the Callers of

ST. EDMUND HALL
is the
Univerfity of Oxford

Efpecially felected for the Cellars of

ST. EDMUND HALL
Univerfity of Oxford

43 QUART 2% ALCOHOL BY voLUME §

 

PRODUCE OF PORTUGAL— BOTTLED IN ENGLAND DISTILLED AND BLENDED AND BOTTLED IN SCOTLAND

The most popular drink of Oxford

Bottle Case
S4 High Table Fino Sherry 3.49 39.75

The Fellows, in their long black gowns, sweep to their places at High
Table—the Senior Fellow taps his gavel—the undergraduates rise—and
then the Fino Sherry is served. Thereafter, the famous Oxford conversa-
tion flows freely, ideas are exchanged, and wit sharpens on wit. It is out
of this tradition that his honourable pale dry Sherry was born.

S5 Abingdon Amontillado Sherry 3.79 42.75

St. Edmund of Abington occupied the exalted seat of Archbishop of
Canterbury from 1234 to 1240. He was the first Oxonian to become
Primate of the English Church and the first to be canonized. This re-
markable Sherry, bearing the name of the town in which St. Edmund
lived, is distinguished by fulness of flavour coupled with a clean, dry
finish. We know of no Amontillado which is superior.

S6 Cyril’s Own Cream Sherry 4.95 55.75

Cyril, the butler, has loyally served the College for over thirty years and
is still here today. Cyril advises freshmen in choosing the right wines;
mixes the punch; prepares the ‘Loving Cup’ from an ancient and secret
recipe; and recommends the Sherry. Here is ‘Cyril’s Own’ Cream Sherry,
the one served at tea-time and prior to the weekly ordeal of the tutorial.
Rich, full, dramatically luxurious, very old, and the peer of any Cream
Sherry on the market.

Bottle Case
S7 Senior Common Room Fine Tawny Port 3.49 39.75

The cellars of Oxford are world-renowned for the impeccable qualities
of their Tawny and Vintage Ports. The Port ceremony—the table is
cleared; its mahogany surface is resplendent with fruit, bowls of nuts,
candelabra; Port glasses are lifted, accompanied by the ritual salute,
‘GENTLEMEN, THE QUEEN.’ This is the very Port that has been used
countless times for such occasions.

S8 Dry Rainwater Madeira 3.79 42.75

Mr. R. E. Alton, our Shakespearian scholar and friend at St. Edmund,
reports, ‘Falstaff was said by Poins to have sold his soul for a cup of
Madeira. It is probable that Poins was talking about the rich, heavy, and
sweet Bual or Malmsey Madeira. Here, we recommend a Rainwater
Madeira which is light, relatively dry and pale. It is often served slightly
chilled, as one would a dry Sherry, before dinner. Experts tell us it is
the best example of Rainwater produced on the island of Madeira.

 

 
