  

=
e-

ORS —-

  

a 7 wg Zi

\ OOS 4 14
eect LL am
Lyf

Zs pote Ve Laie
ar ie Ty! A, DUM gga

  
           
       
 
 

    

 
 

oo oho aS fe 3 . : / . '
, > r f / i / ij : 4
, oe } . & / J uo ; : | Q 2 ly ’ : ee : (/ i, f LG 7 y : by lt 7 Sf, y [4 ° A / ee
Y a t ve ce - oe / yf cola fig oo L171 . / Ke | 7 u ‘ V/ LO i / 4,
a Lo . 7 will LA, ’ 5 LL - Wii fy, Loy Lo Lhe oe c., 2: fe To fae Le ay a Vy ‘y MMe G4 “7, ee, Li; ape

  

Tho GLENLIVET

An Unblended Single Malt Scotch Whisky Twelve Years of Age
Distilled and Bottled in the Glenlivet District by
George & J. G. Smith, Ltd.
At 91 Proof

  
 
    

 
   

  
    
  
  
   
  
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
 
   
  
 
 
   
   

 

LEO

Suesiive|

i “OTC HW HIsky ‘
We quote from a 19th Century Scotch song:— i sinove matt 569

:
Tweeve YEARS OF AS

 

“Glenlivet it has castles three Qistited and Bottled! ie
Drumin, Blairfindy, and Deskie, oe E1.¢. Strut
And also one distillery i : |
More famous than the castles three’”’.

Scotland produces over 3,000 brands of whisky and practically all of them are blends consisting of
rich, flavorsome malts and light grain whisky. Seeking out the twelve year old “‘The Glenlivet’ High-
land Malt presents the same kind of challenge to the Scotch drinker that discovering a beautifully
balanced fine old Cognac is to the brandy fancier. ‘‘Smith’s” is distilled from a pure barley malt in
great copper pot stills and then left to mature untouched for twelve long years.

The countryside is part of the heritage of ‘‘The Glenlivet” distillery, the first legally recognized
Scotch-maker in Scotland. Genuine Glenlivet can only be produced in the district of Glenlivet, amidst
colorful fields that grow the choicest barley. Equally close are the peat fields of Faemussach whose
rich flavor is imparted to the ultimate whisky. The springs that tumble 1,200 feet above the glen add
their pure aerated merriment. The site of the distillery has remained unchanged for over a century.
History reports the romance and the ultimate nobility of the product that has resulted.

Originally, this superb single whisky of Scotland was called ‘uisgebeatha’ or ‘water of life’. Most
Scotch whiskies which pretend to quality covet ‘“The Glenlivet” in their blends. Only the best blenders
pay the high prices that the Smith’s Distillery demands. Their famous malt whisky is rather like the
yeast in a cake—‘“‘the little bit that keeps the rest alive’. When you drink this whisky straight, you are
dealing almost with an essence—the best that Scotland has to offer—after twelve years of remaining
untouched and unblended in a single cask. It is not heavy, as many believe—but of delicate harmony.
Serve it in a Cognac snifter and it will easily pass the test.

We urge that you acquire at least a limited supply, while available, either to give an appreciative
Scotch-drinking friend this Christmas—or to adorn and add distinction to your own holiday, cocktail
and dinner parties. (Since we are not permitted to publish prices on spirits, we would be grateful if
you wrote or phoned for a quotation.)

 

OTHER LEADING EXAMPLES OF
UNBLENDED STRAIGHT MALT SCOTCH WHISKIES Pictured here is Captain W. Smith Grant
Prices on Request (at left), the proprietor of ‘“The Glenlivet”

distillery on the River Speay. The Captain

Glenfarclas Glenlivet, twelve years old
Glenfiddich Glenlivet, ten years old
Glen Grant Glenlivet, twelve years old
Laphroaig, Isle of Islay, ten years old
Macallan Glenlivet, twelve years old

is a descendant of the founder of the dis-
tillery which, in 1824, became the first to
be licensed by the British Government.

 

 
 
  
   
