 
   

\
\
;

  
    

      

& Other
Brandies

 

BRANDIES OF FRANCE ON SALE!

1405 COL COURBE V.S.E.P. COGNAC (Crooked Neck Bottle).............

The bottle is a delight to the eye; the V.S.E.P. Cognac is a delight to the palate; the Sale price a boon to the cost-conscious.

1455 SAMUEL JOHNSON “GOPFEE HOUSE” COGNAC ........%:.:4.

Since Samuel Johnson always considered Brandy the “drink for heroes,” it is quite fitting that a Cognac bear his name in appreciation
of his appreciation. It comes from the best soil of the district-the “Grande Fine Champagne’’—and is well worth the $8.50 it should
normally command.

1401 AMBLEVILLE V.S5.2E.P. COGNAC 8 8 «= cc ....tCtCdCC

A superb Estate bottled Grande Fine Champagne at about the price of an ordinary Three Star Cognac. Will pass the after-dinner
test beautifully. Normally $8.95.

2366. MIRABELLE D’ALSAGE (staieéol bess). 2...

It is generally acknowledged that the best small distiller in all of Alsace is Alfred Hess. It is his ‘alcools blancs’ that are served in the
great restaurants of France, such as the Restaurant de la Pyramide (Pointe) and Hotel de la Cote d’Or (formerly Dumaine, now the
creative 28 year old Minot). Remarkable for its bouquet, this extraordinary fruit brandy is made from little yellow plums, largely
cultivated in his own orchard.

1456 SINGLE CASK UNBLENDED COGNAG (1934 Vintage)..............

We believe this 1934 Single Cask Unblended Cognac is undoubtedly one of the best Brandies produced in France—a true discovery
for those who like to linger over fine old Brandy in front of the fireplace amidst pleasant conversation. Every drop is of the 1934
vintage with the authority of an unblended Cognac.

2279 FRAMBOISE D’ALSACGE {Estate of Hess).....,-.-.-+.-- +--+ ane:

During the slow season in his orchard, Alfred Hess followed the practice of sending his field workers by truck up the Vosges Moun-
tains to an altitude above 1500 feet to gather wild raspberries for his Framboise. A truck load of men and a day’s picking will yield
very few bottles because it takes 15 quarts of wild raspberries to make one bottle of Framboise. The price is not cheap—a good one
costs this much in France—but it is worth it to those who appreciate the great delicacy and finesse of this remarkable distillate,

colorless to the eye, but a rainbow of flavor to the taste buds.

1420 GASTON BRIAND COGNAC (1906 Vintage) .........--.---+.+05-.

Fernand Pointe, at the Pyramide in Vienne, has often spoken of this Cognac—Gaston Briand’s 1906 vintage—as the best single
example of great Cognac produced in France. We are inclined to agree with him. The bottle and label are unpretentious, but the

contents are a revelation to the brandy fancier.

1435 HINE FAMILY RESERVE COGNAG...........--- 6 sere eee ee:

it has been the custom of the Hine family to set aside the best Cognac produced during a particularly
outstanding year for their own use, ultimately to be served to honored guests. Only 3 years ago, and for the first time, Francois Hine,
the managing director of this venerable firm, has consented to part with a few of these treasured bottles—each is numbered and bears
a back label relating the unique history of the contents, hand signed by a director. Normally $24.75. Quantity limited.

Since the early 19th Century,

Sherry Wine & Spirits Co., (MC. 679 MADISON AVE., NEW YORK ¢ TEMPLETON 8-7500
