e; it is usually wr
ather than tht
sive, and is ati
es 90 $0 wonder
ujolais is unquetn
ed table wines in!
special, almost»

Se eee

SALE Pi!
Bottle

We at SHERRY’S, present this stimulating reprint
from the current October 24th issue of the civilized,
highly regarded SATURDAY REVIEW. It is our
belief that it is the function of the responsible wine
and liquor merchant —in addition to selling —to
play an educational role and do all in his power
to further the art of good living. The intangible,

but nevertheless real, advantages to both customer

A new milestone in the recognition of taste on the
American scene has been achieved by this issue. It
marks the first time in the history of the important
weekly SATURDAY REVIEW that an entire edition
has been devoted to the exploration of decoration,
restaurants, food, travel, wine, design and fashion.
The issue promises to be a collector’s item and we

urge that you get a copy, while still available.

and merchant are not inconsequential.

THE LANGUAGE OF WIN

By FRANK SCHOONMAKER

T CAN scarcely be doubted, by any-
one at all acquainted with the litera-
ture of the Western world, that fine

wine offers, to those who know it and
appreciate it, an esthetic experience of
the very first order. Wine has intrigued
and delighted and been prized by our
élite—the most intelligent, the most tal-
ented, the bravest, the ablest, and the
most tolerant among us, for well over
2,000 years. It is inextricably a part of
the fabric of Western art and religion, of
Mediterranean and European civiliza-
tion—and therefore, inevitably, of our
own. To be sure, it is an industry today,
but so is publishing. Clearly, the plea-
sures it affords are transitory—but so are
those of the ballet, or of a musical
performance.

Wine may be “a good familiar creature
if it be well used,” but it seems curiously
hard to define.

It is “the fermented juice of fresh

SR/ October 24, 1964

grapes,” according to our Treasury De-
partment. “It is a food,” said Oliver
Wendell Holmes (not, fortunately for
jurisprudence, the late Justice, but his
father). “Wine is the most healthful and
hygienic of beverages,” declared one of
the most eminent of Frenchmen, Pas-
teur, though his compatriot, Talleyrand,
preferred to describe it as “la force civili-
satrice par excellence.” Hilaire Belloc, in
one of his happiest poems, wrote of it as

_. mankind’s mysterious friend:
Wine, true begetter of all arts that
be;
Wine, privilege of the completely
free... =.

That wine is mysterious would seem
self-evident. Surely no other product
capable of being consumed. by human
beings has ever been praised so univer-
sally or defined so variously, and in such
seemingly contradictory terms. Yet about
what other conceivable subject could we

hope to find John Keats and John Wes-
ley, Quintus Horatius Flaccus and _ St.
Paul, Henri IV and Hemingway, Noah
and Napoleon, Erasmus, Francois Villon
and the Grand Duke Constantine of
Russia in substantial accord?

Does all this, one may be impelled to
ask, have any valid relevance in the
America of today?

The answer, quite certainly, I think, is
yes. Wine has been, from the beginning,
more a part of our early hopes and our
national tradition than many of us know
or realize.

Our Founding Fathers, if we go back
via Thomas Jefferson and Lord De La
Warr to Leif the Lucky, seem never to
have doubted that their new country was
destined to become not only the Land of
the Free but also the Home of the Vine.
America’s earliest name was Vineland;
by 1616 Lord De La Warr was writing
tc the Virginia Company in London, ask-
ing that “skilled vinearoons” be sent over,
presumably from France, to domesticate

C

 
