Many of you have met James
Beard in our shop, have read his popular

books on food and wine, or are familiar with
his column in HOUSE & GARDEN. In col-

laboration with another member of Sherry’s
staff, Sam Aaron, he has also written “HOW
TO EAT BETTER FOR LESS MONEY,” re-

printed recently in the popular Pocket Book
edition of Permabooks.

At this time of year, in the golden glory that
is autumn, we focus once again on the theatre,
Saturday Football games, gay dinner parties
and the imbibing of fine spirits. Anticipating
this, all of us at Sherry’s have been pleasantly
occupied during these many months tasting
wine after wine to make certain that only
bottles of outstanding merit would find their
place in this “Pre-Holiday Sale.”

the vintage gathering
in the Rhone Valley is completed and the
growers are anticipating good wine in sufh-
cient quantity. But the news from the more
important wine growing areas of Bordeaux
and Burgundy is not quite as good — the
&tapes are now being gathered and the most
Optimistic do not expect much more than
half a normal crop. As compensation, the
quality of the wine in both areas will be well
above average, undoubtedly very good, with
several of the growers insisting that it will be
a great year. Hard on the heels of a disastrous
1956, we can only point to a dearth of great
wines during the immediate years ahead.

In the Loire Valley, alas, because of the May
frost, there will be almost no crop at all. Sim-
ilarly hard hit by the cold wave is Chablis
where the yield will be below 20% of normal.
The Champagne district also suffered from
severe exposure and only 50% of an average
crop can be anticipated. In face of an increased
world demand for its wine, the famous Cham-
pagne houses have started to ration their bet-
ter vintage wine and insist on higher prices
weather losses.

in many instances to compensate for their
In the Rhine and Moselle Valleys, which are
the most northerly vineyards of all, it is still a
bit too early to tell because the gathering of
the grapes are delayed until November so that
they are exposed to a full quota of sunshine.
However, we do know, even now, that it can-
not be a truly great year, but, if nature is kind
from now on, it can prove to be a good year
somewhat like the 1950’s. Fingers are crossed
all along the Rhine in the hope that frost does
not visit them again during late October.

about
the wide range of gift possibilities that can
be found in our shop this year — an encourag-
ing sign to those seeking more imaginative
Christmas ideas . .. the vintage ports that cover
almost every year from 1882 until 1950 is a
case in point. An intriguing way to really per-
sonalize the birthday, anniversary or Yuletide
gift ...and if you are seeking a gift of special
meaning to your lawyer friends, what is a hap-
pier thought than Barrister’s Choice which is
now available as a 12 Year Old Scotch Whisky
... and for Bourbon drinkers, there is the in-
credible Collector’s Item of the 1938 Distilla-
tion; one of the most extraordinary Kentucky
whiskies that has delighted my palate since
the days of the pre-prohibition classics. It is
in the same league as fine old Cognac and well
worth the $7.99 the bottle it commands . . .
the handsome wine rack filled to the brim with
12 wines of your selection surely will capture
the affection of the wine lover . . .

 

 

 

I shall never for-
get the long faces of the growers, when I was
in the Champagne district during May as they
watched much of their anticipated 1957 crop
destroyed by frost. It will'take some time for
them to recover and, of course, many of the
prices, particularly for the less expensive
Champagnes, have gone up at the vineyard.
However, Sherry’s acquired sufficient inven-
tory previously, to assure fine wine at low cost
during this holiday season . . . I particularly
single out the Reserve Rainier III of Pom-
mery & Greno — a brut Champagne of distinc-
tion that you can serve proudly and give for
Christmas freely since it costs but $5.99. Can-
didly, I do not think it would be overpriced

 

even at $8.00 . . . before the year’s end, there
will no longer be any Bollinger 1949, Mumm’s
1949, Pol Roger 1947 or Roederer Cristal
1949. If you are partial to these vintages, I
would suggest you acquire them early since
none remains in France . .. as worthy succes-
sors, I can point to Moet, Bollinger, Mumm’s
and Perrier Jouet, of the outstanding 1952
vintage.

I have read
and reread, with increasing appreciation, the
stimulating and inspiring essay on wine writ-
ten by Clifton Fadiman that appears elsewhere
in these pages. In my opinion, it is a moving
classic that will be held in high regard even
two generations from now ... the Vermouth
drinkers will be interested in knowing that
the excellent dry Noilly Prat now has a coun-
terpart which I can recommend known as
Noilly Prat Sweet ... I am still amazed at the
vigor shown by some of Sherry’s pre-war
Clarets that date as far back as 1888...

 
  
  

Seed Ne:

  
