   

VJ 2

for-
was
hey
rop
for
the
‘ive

ird.

for
an-

ced

re
n’s
tal

Ice
EE
nS

D2

ad
he

re
1g
eh
th

at

as
ne
ar

  

In
its mad search for more and more space, New

York City continuously moves upwards —
quite the reverse is the thinking of our asso-
ciate Jack Aaron. Only last month, with sledge
hammer in hand, he discovered, four levels
below the earth, a 19th century cellar — the
sight that greeted him can hardly be matched
in all of Europe — handsome stone vaulted
arches with cobblestone flooring, built a 100
years ago! And now they house, under the
most perfect conditions, the wines that we
offer you ...

 

I singled out
several wines among these pages that have
delighted me tremendously and represent the
“best of class”... the inexpensive and delight-
fully dry Muscadet 1955... the extraordinary
Claret from the Pomerol district, Clos lEglise
1953... the fantastic 1953 Moselles from the
Kesselstaat Treasure Cellar ...the mixed case
of twelve different half-bottles at only $16.50
for the dozen... the Chateau Mouton Roths-
child 1934, one of the most extraordinary
Clarets I have tasted in years...a jewel of a
red Burgundy, the Corton 1937, from Dou-
det’s pre-War cellar... just tried the Chateau
Haut Brion Blanc 1955; completely lives up
to its world famous reputation...the Mon-
tilla Solera Fina is still among my favorite
aperitif wines...the Puligny Montrachet,
Pucelles, 1955, of Monnot, is in the classic
tradition of great white Burgundy. Here is a
man who really knows how to make great
white wine...don’t overlook the Rainwater
Madeira of Fortnum & Mason as an interest-
ing pre-dinner aperitif.

The requests for
Christmas catalogs have started to pour in.
Ours will reach you during late November
but there is no need to wait. The brochure you
are now reading is sufficiently complete for
you to make up a selection for almost anyone
on your list. Simply mail us your gift list,
the selection for each individual, the gift card,
and leave all details to us. It will be delivered
on the date indicated and in the fashion you
desire. (if you prefer, we will supply the gift
cards and fill them out for you.) This bro-
chure surely provides all that is required for
comfortable armchair Christmas shopping...
—James Beard

 

 

Mirabelle
Kirsch «« Framboisé

It is generally acknowledged that the best small distiller in Alsace\is Alfred
Hess. It is his ‘alcools blancs’ that are served in the great restaurants of France,
such as the Restaurant de la Pyramide (Point) and Hotel de la Cote @Or
(Dumaine).

Monsieur Hess lives southwest of Strasbourg at the foot of the Vosges Moun-
tains, in a zone famous for its fruit, both cultivated (the plums called Quetschs
and Mirabelles) and wild (the wild cherries for Kirsch and the wild raspberries
for Framboise). Although principally known for his fruit brandies, Monsieur
Hess is also an important vineyard owner, a great sportsman, and a much
decorated wartime chief of the Alsatian resistance movement.

Only after several years of negotiations, was he finally persuaded to ship us
a small quantity of his precious bottles, the best eaux-de-vie of all Alsace.
Often served chilled, remarkable for their bouquet, these are among the most
interesting and delightful of after dinner brandies — as such, perhaps the most
highly regarded rivals of fine Cognac.

Bottle

OURTSCH. 5... .90

The distillery of Monsieur Hess never exceeds more than 600 cases of all his Eaux-

de-Vie combined in any one year. Just outside his distillery is his own orchard from

whence comes the small purple plums out of which this remarkable Quetsch is made.
Bottle

MISMAMPLLE... oh 9.70

Remarkable for its bouquet, this extraordinary fruit brandy is made from little yellow
plums, largely from his own orchard, but he does buy some from neighboring farmers.
Bottle

KiInG(H 2 11.75

The wild cherries from which this Kirsch is made must be gathered at an altitude
above 1000 feet in order to achieve the proper flavor. The ordinary commercial
Kirsch bears no comparison. Bottle

PRSMEOISE. <= ls.¢3

We often hear stories of the remarkable Framboise that was found in the home of the
Mayor or local Curé of one of the small towns in Alsace. Candidly, no matter how
remote the source, we doubt any are the equal of this one. Mr. Hess’s truck and men
ascend the mountains to an altitude well beyond 1500 feet to pick the wild raspberries.
Usually, at the end of the day, they do not come down to the distillery with more
than 100 pounds of this precious, elusive fruit. It takes 15 pounds to make one bottle

of Framboise.

   
