p

JAMES BEARD

Repotls on Ris

LOBAL TOUR.

|

Our stopping place was the Imperial high point and influences the palate as

Hotel—certainly the city's most famous well as the visual senses

Armed but
with Knife,
fork, and
echopstieks,
James Beard
sauntered the food ranges from steak to Boeuf a la
forth intrep- Mode and Sukiyaki—but our quest was
idly to invade :
in gastronomic
fashion, Japan

and Hong-Kong in May; Thailand and

Iran in June; France and Greece in

July! His delectable dispatches en-

route intrigued us. We offer a few

tasty morsels below as tantalizing

mid-summer fare.

in the delightful tradition of the Ritz of My favorite restaurant in Tokyo is Aka

Paris and Claridge’s of London—where hane. Believe it or not, the wild game 1s
the guests are treated in regal style and not produced from a market but is caught
by falconers and the fish are caught by
cormorants. There are wild vegetables
from the mountains, all in all, a restau-
rant that is truly a fabulous adventure in
dining. I should warn you that lunch can
easily cost from six to ten dollars per per-
son here. and reservations must be mad«
but it 1S well worth while tor those who
are searching for the unusual

Special to Sherry Wine & Spirits ees : Sake. the ee wine of Japan 1 found
TOKYO, MAY 21ST wo ee Oa Ke, W I yr japan, round

Re amusing at the beginning put less satis-
It was a pleasant mid-May day and Tokyo 2 e REBIOIS Bit ee

looked beautiful and peaceful indeed
from our airplane w indows, as our party
of five descended on this unsuspecting
city. All of us had developed a keen
knowledge of the food and cooking of the

Western world and had devoted most of

gastronomy and we were not interested

in hotel cuisine; and within an hour we

fying later with its constant repetition;
and after a while I was yearning for even
the lowliest red wine from the Midi dis-
trict of France.—however, Japanese beer
is excellent. Many of my friends state

with certainty that New York has th

; : most expensive restaurants in the
our adult lives to this task, but none of us were all showered and changed and ready fed

: ia simply want to point ou

had experienced, in depth, in the Orient to start, with proper introductions, our ps 2
1 , oe a te . some places as expensive in Japan. Shin-
ten-day research into Japanese cooking. ; ao se ;

ee 1 “] , ; karaku, which represents the height o

I speak for myself and not for the re- eee ep es a ee

itself, the wide range of Eastern cookery

To my left, peering through the plane :
I c © i 2 a as se j 1 1 1
refinement, where a luncheon easily last

window. was Helen Evans Brown, who, mainder of the quintet. I was not ee So oe ee
I believe. pleased with the food generally bu ee —— HOUES, Ay WRETE Oe oe oe
known as the leading culinary authority find , on qual legs, raw tuna, a fantastic
ee beach Const yas che f steamed omelette, roe of

abalone, shrimp, raw fish,

working on since we Degan the smooth Psy:
Oo . xA° ee eee ChE RD
;

we eee eee pees &
Ouse et aetlue &

and baby octopus The portions are small

bo : but numerous and you are lucky indeed
flight from Hawaii to Japan. In front of he ae Sau ee each
Aes if you can get out for $1).00 per person
me were the Lester Grubers, proprietors : : pee
ee ; ae But there are rewards in dining in Japan
of Detroit’s London Chop House and
ae ; that do not necessarily consitute a gastro
the Caucus Club (two wonderful hu- C
: : nomic memory but rather a very special
man beings, who have done more than ots
é 3 and fascinating experience. | shall never

anvone I know to raise the standard of

; forget a Zen Buddhist meal that was

cooked and served in the temple, Kaik1

hind me, browsing through a Japanese ee : |
oO 5 | e

dining in the Mid-West); and just be-

: by the dignified, resident

New York Times. We landed! (else thts

column woulda never have been writen. )

dictionary, was Craig Claiborne of the
ry

memorable. One of the greatest is surely
Junidan-ya in Kyoto The owner 1s eVI1-
dently completely dedicated to beautiful
things, whether in art, flowers, decor,
or food, he definitely understands the
harmony of ‘things-of-taste—one thing
by which man is differentiated from an!

mals—and this

 
