Gift Suggestions

We present here a wide choice of selected Wines and
Spirits . . . harmoniously grouped to please the most
critical connoisseur and planned as ideal gifts for Birth-
days, Bon Voyages, Easter, Thanksgiving, Christmas, New

Year and all other occasions.

These assortments are not compulsory. They are merely
assembled and listed for your convenience. You may make
any substitution or assemble any combination to suit

your own ideas.

If you have a great number of gifts, and wish all to
be similar, we will make up special packages of one
or more bottles as desired. Select the wines and spirits
you wish to give, give us your lists and delivery addresses
and we will Christmas wrap, enclose your card and deliver

on the day you select.

We also pack full cases in ‘special Christmas wrapping
or in Hampers or Baskets where larger and more expensive

gifts are indicated.

Attractive packaging and correct presentation is a part
of each gift assortment regardless of price; and careful

handling and delivery is of course, assured.

If you are uncertain as to what type of wine or spirit
to give, why not give a GIFT CERTIFICATE and let the

recipient make his or her own choice?

Gift certificates may be purchased from $5.00 up.

We deliver free within the United Parcel Delivery
Service Zones. Other deliveries within New York State free

if over $35.00 per unit; otherwise express charges extra.

We can also deliver to all States where legally per-
mitted, (and there are many). Information regarding this

on request.

In the event of shortages due to circumstances beyond
our control substitutions may be unavoidable, values

however, will always be equal.

Lic. L-12

ASSORTMENT NO. 1
6 Glasses King Edward VVSEP Cognac
Velour Box

ASSORTMENT No. 2
1 Gilbey’s Gin
1 Noilly Prat
Lehmann Christmas Box

G

ASSORTMENT No. 3

1 Dubonnet Aperitif

1 Harvey's Amontillado Sherry

1 Lehmann’s Sauterne
Lehmann Christmas Box

ASSORTMENT No. 4

10 Glasses King Edward VVSEP Cognac
Complete in Decorated Box

ASSORTMENT NO. 5

1 White Horse Scotch
1 Citation Bonded Bourbon
Lehmann Christmas Box

ASSORTMENT NO. 6

1 House of Lords Scotch
1 Old Fitzgerald Bonded Bourbon
Lehmann Christmas Box

a

M. LEHMANN, Ive. 2 «) 37307 Se AVENUE

{G-3]

 
