 

12

CHRISTMAS DINNER by

4 AMES BEARD America’s Leading Food Authority

Most of you are familiar with JAMES
BEARD’s food and wine activities, par-
ticularly his classic books on cooking, his
monthly column in HOUSE & GARDEN.
his internationally famous cooking school,
and the constant regard and respect he has
obtained through the years from the food
editors of America. Some of you know him
from our shop, where he has spent forma-
tive years learning and teaching; and
where he remains a devoted consultant un-
til this day—and we hope for many holiday
seasons ahead. Life would not be the same
at Sherry’s without James Beard.

Aware of Mr. Beard’s creative imagina-
tion, and the joy coupled with serious-
ness, with which he takes the Christmas
dinner, we asked him what he would like
to serve as a Christmas dinner IF PRICE
WERE NOT A FACTOR. He gave the
matter much thought and the menu which
he finally created appears on the opposite
page. It is the actual dinner that will be
served Jim Beard by Mr. and Mrs. Lester
Gruber, proprietors of the London Chop
House in Detroit Christmas Day. All the
wines that are shown on the menu are
available at our shop.

The foods are available at any good
butcher and grocer, supplemented by spe-
cial effort and ordering on your part from
a famed shop in Paris, who will send you
a perfect Brie and a perfect Yule Log,

(Luche de Noel) by Air France. It will
cost less than you think!

We are aware that this dinner cannot be
executed without special instructions on
ordering and preparation. Mr. Beard was
persuaded to sit down and go through
this entire menu, step by step, and give
simple instructions so that any skilled
housewife can execute this repast down to
the last detail and in a professional fash-
ion. The four page brochure describing
these steps is available to you, without
charge, by simply phoning us or drop-
ping us a note. The step-by-step instruc-
tions will be sent to you immediately by
first class mail. Please write or phone—
you will be delighted with James Beard’s
charming approach and precise recipes.

Please Cut Out ee

 

 

We also happily report that several of
us here at Sherry’s have managed to per-
suade our wives to create this dinner for
Christmas Day. Should the wines seem
too expensive, we can recommend suit-
able alternatives at lower cost. If you do
not want to go through the effort of hav-
ing a shop in Paris air express you the
Brie and Yule Log, James Beard will tell
you in this brochure, how to make your
own Buche de Noel and where you can
obtain a good Brie and superb venison

in New York.

We enclose a small order form below
to make it easier for you to order the
James Beard booklet of instructions on
how to prepare this truly exciting, deli-
cious and imaginative Christmas dinner.

SHERRY-LEHMANN, INC.
WINE & SPIRITS MERCHANTS
679 Madison Ave. At 61 St., New York, N. Y. 10021 - TEmplcton 8-7500

[_] Please rush to me without charge the
JAMES BEARD Brochure that de-
scribes how to create this menu at
home—step by step.

Ny
