 

  

The Wines of

BARON PHILIPPE DE ROTHSCHILD

For most of his long and distinguished life, Baron Philippe de
Rothschild has championed wine as an artistic expression of
man’s connection with his heritage and his earth. As proprietor
of several of the most distinguished vineyards of France, Baron
Philippe channels his passion for excellence towards the creation
of a family of magnificent wines. Monarch of this royal house is
unquestionably Mouton-Rothschild—the first classified growth in
Pauillac that vintage after vintage triumphs as the most powerful
and dramatic of Red Bordeaux. Another member of vinous dynasty
offers splendid complement to Mouton’s majesty—Chateau
Mouton-Baron Philippe. At this estate, also a classified growth in
Pauillac, Baron Philippe has been making distinguished wine
since the 1930’s. Though lighter than the great Mouton itself,
Mouton-Baron Philippe shares its remarkable depth and breed.

    
   

 

MOUTON
CADET
1972

1 IMPERIAL

Every wine, especially Red Bordeaux, is happier in a big bottle. And
what wine enthusiast is not happier with an Imperial holding not one
but eight bottles of a favorite wine? Presented in a handsome wooden
case, this 192 oz. Imperial of 1972, Mouton-Cadet, is sure to be one of
our most wanted gifts this holiday season. The wine is delightful — the
consistently good Red Bordeaux from the noble cellars of Philippe de
Rothschild. The bottle is outstanding—nearly two feet high. And for all
of this delicious drama, the price is wonderfully low—only $39.50 for
the Imperial and its wooden case. A sensational gift idea.

$39.50 for 8-bottle size Imperial

Both Mouton Rothschild and Mouton-Baron Philippe are first-
class clarets, and their prices cannot help but reflect this lofty
status. Yet Baron de Rothschild is happily mindful of the need for
good, rich Bordeaux rouge at a liveable price. It is in this spirit
that he and his vignerons make Mouton-Cadet. Always endowed
with satisfying richness and delicacy of the red wines of Bordeaux,
Mouton-Cadet has deservedly won a large and loyal following

around the world.

 

Mouton-Cadet Rouge and Mouton-Cadet Blanc are avail-
able for your own drinking pleasure or as a thoughtful
gift to the wine-drinker. Your choice at $3.99 bottle,
$43.10 case.

SIX BOTTLES OF
CHATEAU MOUTON
BARON PHILIPPE 1971

in Wooden Cellarette

A handsome offering of six fifths of this superb
Pauillac from the great 1971—presented in a dramatic
wooden box. The wine is beautiful—it can be enjoyed
now, but will improve for several more years. An

exceptional gift for a very wine-wise friend.

@ The cost is only $59.50—6 bottles in wooden case

  
 
  
  
 

     

(no charge for wooden case)

 
