  

    
 
 
    
       
    
 
 
     

  

GROWERS AND SHIPPERS

JEREZ DE LA FRONTERA (s**"

% rae ae a
“€ OLOGST SHERRY FIRM '* oo ie

ol a a

   

 

‘ *

ae DON’T LET THESE LOW PRICES DISSUADE YOU
Here are the Greatest Sherries of Spain
From the Oldest Sherry House in Jerez

We are convinced that the ex-

cellence and dedication of the -

historic firm of J. M. Rivero
provides here a unique Op-

portunity for the appreciative

Sherry fancier to acquire
some of Spain's finest forti-
fied wines at prices that are
not simply low — but aston-
alia ab aied:

Whether you select ‘Fino
Jerez’, with its typical bou-
quet and pale color — or the
majestic ‘1805 Solera’ which
is ane of the most remarkable
examples of truly aged, full
flavored Sherries in existence,
you will be experiencing ‘the
best of class’ and at a cost
that would even delight a
thrifty Spaniard who under-
stands Sherries and their
true value.

If you wish to experiment
among these Sherries and
still enjoy case price savings,
“you Can mix an assortment of
any twelve bottles listed here.

 

14

 
  

   
  
 

 
 

Cn

BETTER FOR|
LESS MONEY

Recommended to thos
accustomed to payin
over $5 a bottle for
‘Spanish Fino’ and ove
$/ for ‘Spanish Crea
¢ = Sherry.’

Here are some of thg
best Sherries produce@/s
in Spain from the veng #
erable house of J. Mi’
RIVERO, the oldes] im
sherry firm in all Spairg ”
established during th
early 17th century.

TAA a

 

TTY SHERRY
ed and Shipped >

WmRY FIRM IN SPAS

ae Ge ee

  

No. Bottle Case
1239 RIVERO’S FINO JEREZ. ©... 3 2 6349 37;

A light, dry, delicate wine; pale, straw-colored; the typical, unmistakable bouquet of a Fino, slightly reminis¢
of almonds. The aperitif wine of Spain, ideal with hors d’oeuvres, consommé, and shell fish. Serve chilled as
interesting change from the dry Martini.
e
a
40

1236 RIVERO’S “‘TROCADERO” AMONTILLADO 3.79

A good Amontillado develops out of the Fino family, acquiring its own unique characteristics as it matures; =
color becomes more amber-like, the flavor more nutty, and there is more depth in body. Its nearest counterparf}) 7

our cellars commands over $5.00.
1238 RIVERO’S “CARRASCAL” CREAM 4.99 53.9

The richer and older of the Olorosos bear the name ‘Cream’ Sherry. This concept was developed in Bris
England and Cream Sherries are extremely popular throughout the English-speaking world, particularly in
U.S. Cream Sherry of this age and character, medium dry and dramatically rich, generally commands bet

$5.95 and $7.75 the bottle.
1240 RIVERO’S FINO MANTECOSO . 4.99 53.9

The lightest of all sherries, dry, crisp, definitely an appetizer — a byword in Spain where it is also extre

popular with the younger set.
4.99 53.9

 

1241 RIVERO’S DRY OLOROSO
A special blending of very fine sherries incorporating the traditional Sweet Oloroso characteristics with very
wines. A fascinating wine of good bouquet and flavor, perfect for modern tastes.

8.95 96. dl

1242 RIVERO’S TRAFALGAR 1805 (Solera Vieja)
Dark, golden sherry with great body, medium dry. A collector’s item, bottled from the original soleras establis
with the barrels seized by the British at Trafalgar and bought back by Rivero in public auction at Tarifa in 18
Because the date ‘1805’ appears on the label and because the recipient will find this one of the most excelle

Sherries he has ever tasted, ‘TRAFALGAR 1805’ lends itself to being a most exciting gift to add a ‘sense
history’ to the Yuletide festivities.

 
   

   
 

    
