   
 

    
  
   
  
 
 
  
 
   
 
 
  
 
 
   
 
   
  
 
 
   
 
 
 
     
    
   

No.
765

768

494

410

479

354

1297 SINGLE CASK UNBLENDED COGNAC

if p [hese attractive pink dry wines

| es take on added charm and versa-
tility in the summer time. Hap-

pily blessed with the right type

 

Finle

of gaiety and eye appeal, they can

be served with ice cubes in a tall

' glass instead of a highball, or they

can be served chilled with almost

| any food. Here 1s the finest col-
lection of Vin Rose that we have

ever offered — and at unbeliev-

ably low sale cost!

Bottle Case

ALMADEN GRENACHE ROSE (California)
America’s most popular pink wine. Believe it or not, this vineyard produces almost as much Vin Rose as the
entire town of Tavel. Half bottles at 75¢ each, $16.60 the case.

MARTINI NAPA ¢

Wad
a

AMAY ROSE (California)

Another fine example of outstanding California pink wine.

LA RESERVE ROSE 1955 (Provence)

From the cellars of La Reserve, Beaulieu-sur-Mer, Estate bottled at Chateau Mauvanne in Provence. A
favorite among our clientele. Half bottles at 89¢ each, 18.95 the case of 24.

ANJOU ROSE 1955 (Chateau des Tigne) «0.5 14.

From the Loire Valley, frequently referred to as ‘the smile of France.’ Some of the cheerful flavor of this
area is captured by this delightful, soft, fruity, unique wine.

BONNE AUBERGE ROSE (Antibes, Cote d’Azur)

Under its modest name—‘The Good Country Inn”—La Bonne Auberge is known as one of the finest eating
places in Europe. This sprightly wine, from its cellars, captures some of the charm of the French Riviera.

ROSE DE BROUZAC 1955 (Chateau Lascombes, Margaux) .
Many of you are familiar with the fine Claret produced at Chateau Lascombes, one of the better vineyards
of the town of Margaux in Bordeaux. A portion of the vineyard is devoted to producing and Chateau bottling
this fine Rose—pink wine of distinction and breed.

TAVEL 1955 (Clos de Vaucroze)
Our tasters report that this is the best 1955 Tavel they ran across during their recent visit to the town of
Tavel. Perfect color, fine flavor and pleasing subtlety. Estate Bottled.

COL COURBE V-.S.E.P. (In Crooked Neck Bottle)

Col. Courbé, in its interesting Crooked Neck bottle is an honest, well made Cognac that
can easily live up to demands of those who are accustomed to paying over $7.00 for
Cognac. Pleasing delicacy and aromatic bouquet. Extraordinary opportunity, particularly
since all cognacs have been forced to move upwards in France because of the February

1956 frost damage.

 

We are so eager that you try this remarkable Cognac that we again repeat this special offer. Here is an Estate
bottled Cognac that was produced during a great vintage year (1929) in the most celebrated part of the
Cognac country, ‘Grand Fine Champagne.’ It has remained in its unblended state in barrel from 1929 until
the present date. Cognac of this calibre is hard to come by because no more than a few small growers have
the patience and aptitude to put aside, year after year, a distillation of their outstanding vintages. If you are
at all interested in acquiring outstanding Cognac, we strongly urge that you try it.
