Ql

  

 

305 — POUILLY VINZELLES

BRANDY DISCOVERIES — Heralding a Marc of Montrachet

FORTNUM & MASON’S FINE CHAMPAGNE, COGNAC Qe 7
This interesting example of dry, English Market Cognac is particularly relished by
Cognac connoisseurs. Great Britain is a nation that takes its Brandy very seriously.
Aware of this, the 250 Year Old firm of Fortnum & Mason have acquired some of
the best and oldest stocks of Cognac to meet the uncompromising demands of knowing

Londoners.

Be BOURGOGNE. DE MON TRACT icing ensmccoisunmliccantanmcnucnin

From the grape pressings of Le Montrachet, the greatest white wine vineyards of all
Burgundy, comes this full-bodied, intriguing and remarkable Brandy. It is the proud
product of Julien Monnot, a small but distinguished grower, who owns some of the
best land in the Montrachet vineyard. Brandy of this type is normally distilled only
in the smallest of quantities for private use and is hard to come by. However, we
did manage to persuade M. Monnot to part with a few of his precious bottles—a rare
brandy that captures the essence of one of Burgundy’s createst vineyards.

FRENCH CHAMPAGNES — Outstanding Opportunities
PreeCEL PERE ET FILS BRUI 1052... ee

As many of you are aware, low yield because of frost damage has forced the price
of good French Champagne to record heights at the vineyard. Marcel 1952 therefore
offers a most unusual opportunity to acquire a fine Brut vintage Champagne at
exceptionally low cost. You will be delighted with its balance, bouquet and character.
Half bottles at $2.35 each, $53.00 the case.

Bee Ld) LABEL, BRUT 198072 ee

Perhaps the reason may be alphabetical, but you will find this wine listed first on
practically every important wine list throughout the world. Here is an internationally
famous vintage Champagne of breed that can be had for 40% less than any famous
vintage Champagne you ever heard of. Our advice is simple—serve Ayala Brut
1952 proudly and save $20 the case.

Preven Y G GRENO RESERVE RAINIER I BRUT oe

This magnificent Champagne was originally bottled for the
wedding of Prince Rainier III and Grace Kelly—This cuvee
was chosen from the most treasured bottles of the famed
Pommery & Greno cellars. Each bottle bears a gold embossed
cameo seal of the Prince and Princess as shown here. Full
flavored, pertectly balanced and bone dry. An unusual oppor-
tunity to acquire outstanding Champage at modest cost.

6 ae

Aa LE NO

 
   

           

1955

285 — PULIGNY MONTRACHET 1955

Cahablis.

Bottle
6.99

9.75

4,39

4.99

5.99

THREE “FINDS” AMONG THE WHITE BURGUNDIES

  

  

 

    

    

   

Case {7
80.00

110.00

18

50.00

YC

68.50

- i"
Te | $249] | Bilhablisson—-| $979
ee ek cue Premier Cru

zB uligny -Montrac et fifth ape fifth
De . see « Fits

| eS $9795 |
| ;

pee SaapaCaaneanta — case case

344 — CHABLIS BUTTEAUX 1955

 

A graceful, dry white wine of unusual
finesse and fruit from some of the best
vineyard land of the Pouilly area. Pale,
green-gold, fresh and clean. A wine of
breed at amazingly low sale cost,

M4

From the most famed white wine town-
ship of France—a great vintage year, and
an exceptionally trustworthy producer. A
dry, fine white Burgundy available to you
al extraordinarily low cost.

  

An authentic estate-bottled Premier Cru
Chablis. A top-Hight example of the crisp-
ness, delicacy and clean austerity associ-

ated with great Chablis. A real bargain. SH

  
