everyday drinking as well as severa

for more demanding occasions.

| Reale
' | Wines

Three of the experts represented im-
porting concerns and have written
authoritative books on the subject
of wine; two represented nationally
famous restaurants renowned for
their cellars; Sam Aaron was the
sole representative of the retail
wine field chosen for LIFE’S jury.
(Incidentally, he is co-author with
James Beard of a book on gastron-
omy and wine “Living Better For
Less Money,” scheduled for publi-
cation next Fall by Appleton-Cen-
tury-Crofts. )

1 added charm and versatility in the summer
pe of gaiety and eye appeal, they can be
ad of a highball, or they can be served chilled
collection of Vin Rose that we have ever

It is of interest to note that not a
single wine found its way to the

pages of this catalog unless it was

 

first carefully tasted and appraised

e cost! OUR WINE BUYER, SAM AARON, APPRAISES TWO FRENCH WINES.
Bottle Ge by Sam Aaron and his colleagues
97 11.50 at Sherry Wine & Spirits Co. to re-
° e * e ° - . ° e ee Be J

move any possibility of encounter-

ing a dubious bottle.

2 4.5 , re ‘ :
oo ahee Aken sieciie Kominece. ee . 7” Selects Our W ine Buyer, sam Aaron

ple at low sale cost. a =
3 as a member of tts jury
SO Pe eee ee *

 

e e

verge’ restaurant just outside of of SIX wine experts
jeveda) 2 eS ee. ee On April 12th, LIFE published a six-page article on wine
ey have run across in a decade. under the appropriate title “Wine Buying With The Mys-
. Estate Bottled at the Chateau. goes : : :

tery Removed.” To clear the atmosphere in regard to
stint os wine and dust a few of the ritualistic cobwebs off the
a pms this delightful pink bottles, LIFE called in from various parts of the country
aly’s best. :

a jury of six wine experts. Members of the jury were
scombes) << 2. 3 Ss TS 1S Sam Aaron, our associate at Sherry Wine & Spirits, Ella
e of Bordeaux great vineyards, is
ul pink wines ever shipped to the nee i :
bouquet. Available in half bottles Lichine and Frank Schoonmaker.

Brennan. Charles Codman, Maxwell Kriendler. Alexis

— The jury’s first task was to spend a full day at the Carlton
omaine Mauvanne). .. 1.49 19.95

Re : House tasting, appraising and rating 24 wines, half Euro-
rench Riviera can be found one of : Str oe : i :

 

rom its unusual cellars comes this pean and half American. The second function of the six |
y the charm of the Cote d’Azur. Or . :
= experts was to choose a $25 wine cellar of good wines “C7
which would enable the novice to discover what he likes: ~~’ HE wine panel of Sherry’s, from left to right: Jack Aaron:
gre ee wie 4 o SS Se and thirdly, to choose a well-balanced cellar for $100 Charles Pyle; Sam Aaron; Kenneth Dean (making notes) ; and

s
Champagne of such calibre, flavor

Joseph Stricks. The wines in our cellars are tas appraise
| ae : : Rete : , S. ur cellars are tasted and appraised
Seach for ihe which would include a goodly selection of wines for i

regularly by this panel.

 
