BOUTER
Graves Supérieures, 1943 eee + BLS
Graves Supérieures, 1943 . (\4 Bots.) 84
ig a ee TD
eee eee et (1S
Suiernes 19043... (CY Bots.) 98
eee a) ke LD
ee OS ee a ee ee 215
cece 4s TE ey. Sj LID

Chateau La Tour Blanche (Sauternes )
Chateau d’'Yquem (Sauternes )

Chateau Guiraud (Sauternes) .
Chateau La Tour Blanche (Sauternes )
Chateau d’Yquem (Sauternes )

Clos Haut Peyraguey (Sauternes )

Chateau Bouscaut (Graves )
‘Chateau Haut Brion, Blanc (Graves )

Chateau d’Yquem .
Chateau Olivier (Graves )
Chateau La Tour Blanche (Sauternes )

Chateau Rabaud (Sauternes )
Chateau d’Yquem (Sauternes )
Chateau Carbonnieux (Graves)

Chateau Lafaurie-Peyraguey (Sauternes )

Chateau Carbonnieux (Graves) . . . 2.74
Reeee Cumens (Barsac). 6), 472
Chateau La Tour Blanche (Sauternes) . 4.72
Chateau d’Yquem (Sauternes) . . . 5.84
LN ene

M. LEHMANN, Inc.....374 PARK AVENUE
Li2j

This ancient province of France boasts an equally ancient fame for
its great wines, and in the opinion of many connoisseurs, they have
no equal. Characterized by a full-bodied, rich flavor, fragrant bou-
quet and a deep ruby color, the red wines are highly prized and
sought after by gourmets the world over. The white wines are dry,
vigorous and acknowledged as the finest in France.

The great difficulty confronting the buyer of Burgundies is the
bewildering array of wines bearing the same name, but having no
resemblance to each other in quality. This is due to the fact that the
vineyards of Burgundy are parcelled out among many owners, some
of them growers, others traders, and not all of these make the wine
which carries the name of their vineyard. Therefore in Burgundy,
the important factor is the integrity of the grower and the dealer
from whom the wine is obtained.

The Burgundies listed in this catalogue were chosen carefully
from reputable growers and dealers, all of them being duly tested,
and of proven worth.

The wines of 1947 will be great wines. The wines listed below
will be available about September. They should not be consumed
now but are magnificent for laying down. They are cheap today;.in
the years to come they will be much more expensive.

BOTTLE
$2.19

Samenay 29.7).

Estate Bottled, Joseph Droubin

Fixin, Clos du Chapitre (Chambertin)
Premier Cuvéedes vins fins dela Cote de Nuits
Estate Bottled, Pierre Gelin

Nuits St. Georges “Clos des Porrets”
(Numbered Bottles )
Estate Bottled, Henri Gouges

Vosne-Romanée, La Grande Rue .
Estate Bottled, Henri Lamarche

Corton Bressandes . .
Estate Bottled, Max Quenot & Fils

Clos de Vougeot ee
Estate Bottled, Vve. E. Mongeard-Mugneret

Mazis-Chambertin .
Estate Bottled, Pierre Gelin

Clos Vougeot Ve.
Estate Bottled, Joseph Drouhin

Chambertin, Grand Vin .
Estate Bottled, Joseph Drouhin

Beaune, des Dames Hospitalieres .
Estate Bottled, Hospice. de Beaune

Phon¥' PLAagx 8.3300 .. EW YOR fe. os.

 
