This great favorite is rapidly becoming an indispensable item j;
any cellar, so varied are its uses and so pleasant. There are so acct
nuances in the type of Sherry, all of which have their devotees aes
the following list is necessarily large and comprehensive, but ee
believe that every distinguished Sherry is represented and at =
equally wide range of price.

The dry Sherries when chilled, are excellent as a substitute for
cocktails, or if preferred, a medium dry, while the richer types of
Oloroso and Amoroso are suitable with cheese or dessert. We cil
attention particularly to the three specially imported Sherries of
Avery & Co., Bristol, England.

Silven Amontillado, Pale, nutty
Amontillado Pasada, Dry, full
Bristol Milk, Finest golden

Cocktail, Amontillado, Pale and dry
La Golondrina, Very dry
Choicest Oloroso, Soft, full

Amontillado, Light, dry .
Cremorne, Pale gold, cream

Bin 43, Pale, rich Oloroso
Seco Real, Fine Amonttllado
Seven Bells, Pale, medium dry

Ideal Pale, Moderately dry

La Ina, Pale dry, brilliant
Celebration Cream, Pale, full...
La Raza, Full, rich

ay Fo Pale, delicate =...
Dry Club, Moderately dry, full

Diamond Jubilee, Mediwm'sweet . . 3.20
Cochran, Medium dry, fragrant . . 4.10
Lio Pepe, Dry and delicate . . . 4.62

Peet Oy, sk lk a A
Shooting, Medium sweet... . 3.90
Bristol Dry, Very superior . . . 6.25
Bristol Cream, Full-bodied, rich . . 6.69

Amontillado, Dry, delicate bouquet . 3.49
Magnificent Brown, Heavy, sweet . 4.99

sess

Pi. LEMMANN, Inc. .. 2.374 PARK AVENUE
[ 24 ]

BOUTEE

Apitiv, Extra dry, pale fimo .. . $ 3.48
Dry Don, Dry, pee. a ee
Brown Bang, Sweet, tH Ge ae ee
Amontillado Fino, Dry, paie — .. =. 4.66
Royal Corregidor, Finest Oloroso ...- TT
Royal Esmeralda, Rare Amontillado . 15.11
Imperial Pemartin, Best of Breed . 20.95

Cel, Dry, pale 219
Pando, Amontillado . . . . = . 24
Walnut Brown, Full, rich . . . . 4.49
Dry Sack, Golden, Choc moped wee
Cleopatra, Pale, delicate . . . . 4.84

We have selected our Ports from shippers of the highest integrity
which we feel is an added assurance of quality. Listed below is a
liberal selection of the various types—Vintage, Ruby and Wood,
which is commonly called Tawny. Vintage Port is produced only in
exceptional years and should be purchased several weeks prior to
use. This is necessary to insure proper rest and prevent the “crust”
which is acquired after many years of “bottle age’, from slipping
and spoiling the wine. Acquiring its name from its fiery ruby color,
Ruby Port is bottled after a relatively short stay in the cask. Tawny
Port is matured ‘n wood for many years until it eventually loses its
fiery aspect, becoming soft and aristocratic. Port wine naturally
deposits a lot of sediment and should preferably be decanted to
achieve perfection.

BOTILE

Black Label Tawny, Delicate . . . $151
Green Label Tawny, Medium dry . 2.28
Red Label Tawny, Full-bodied . . 2.44
Gold Label Tawny, Sof?, fall. 2 20)
Choicest Tawny, Perfection . . . 3.09

Gold Cap Ruby, Light, mellow
Hunting Tawny, Full, rich

Special Club Ruby, Dry, light .
Regents Tawny, Very full, mellow

Dry Humour Tawny, Mellow, choice
Pyramid Tawny, Exquisite, full

One Star White, Soft, golden .

Dry Don Tawny, Dry finish, full
Partner’s Ruby, Fiery, mellow
Imperial White, Charming, delicate .

ME a a Ne a eter

Phone PLAZA 9-3300 oN pw Yorn 22 Nor.

 
