     
  
   
 
  
  
 
    
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 

  

Classifying Claret

A great many men who will readily order
wines they have gotten to know and like
Can honest regional bottle from, say, Saint
Emilion, or a noble Chateau Lafite, for ex-
ample) are yet unaware of the fact that the
great Chateau wines of Bordeaux were di-
vided, just over a hundred years ago, into five
classes of greatness—according to their sell-
ing power—and that this classification influ-
ences their sales today. At the time the clas-
sification was made, it was an admirable one
so far as it went (only two of the districts of
Bordeaux were then graded); and even today
it works surprisingly well. But, as a result of
inevitable change and decay on the one hand

_and of progress and new blood on the other,

anomalies and injustices have crept in and,
in some cases, a complete reversal of stand-
ards has occurred, so that there is a move-
ment in favor of revising the classification.

How did this system of grading come to be
adopted in the first place? In 1855, there
was a great exhibition in Paris and the organ-
izers sent to Bordeaux for samples of its best
wines; this impelled the local Chamber of
Commerce to make a classification of its
finest growths. Only the two best-known dis-
tricts were dealt with (Médoc and Sau-
ternes ) and the grading was done by the Bor-
deaux brokers—or courtiers—who sell the
product of the various vineyards to the ship-
pers and are therefore considered to know
the wines better than anybody else. Defer-
ring to the various rough and ready classe-
ments already in use, the brokers based their
judgments on the position maintained by the

wines (as indicated by the sales over the _

previous century); quality, the result of
many factors never combining in quite the
same way, fluctuates from year to year in
every vineyard, and the rough rule of supply
and demand seemed to be a sound gauge.
That this was a sensible decision has been
proved by the long life of the 1855 classifica-
tion. Climate, soil and surface exposure of
vineyards do not change, and these elements
have exercised the same beneficial influence
since 1855 as they did before; but owners
change, and some tend their vines and make
their wine better than others do—and there
is no doubt that this century-old assessment
is now, in some parts, obsolete. It is still,
however, completely valid for the First
Growths: the three great Médoc Chateaux,
Lafite, Latour and Margaux; and Haut-
Brion, which has always been on the list, be-
cause, although it actually is in Graves,

  
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
  

 

Reprinted from
ESQUIRE

DECEMBER 1959

An historic new rating of the great French wines

Haut-Brion wine was too good to be left out
and so, defying geography, was classed with
the Médoc. As for Chateau Mouton-Roths-
child: in 1855 it was valued somewhere be-
tween the Firsts and the Seconds, and so was
classified first of the Second Growths. To-
day, the big prices commanded by the wine
of this Chateau entitle it to be graded among
the First Growths.

In considering the 1855 classification, it
should be emphasized that a Second, Third,
Fourth or Fifth Growth is not a second-,
third-, fourth- or fifth-rate wine. Actually,
only sixty-one among approximately two
thousand vineyards were considered worthy
of being listed “Great Growths’—whether
First or Fifth—and they are the absolute
cream of the vineyards which, as a group, are
probably the world’s finest in red wine. To
be second after only Lafite, Latour, Margaux
and Haut-Brion is very far from being sec-
ond-rate. Moreover, it is only on an average
that the first are the best: in certain years,
others equal and even surpass them. Anyone
can be sure of a superb bottle when he buys
the best years of the famous vineyards (at a
price); but there is adventure—and econ-
omy—in seeking out other years and other
vineyards from the splendid list of Bordeaux
wines. |

Exceptional Growths are not classed
higher than the Great Growths, but are those

which were graded in 1855 after the sixty-
one great vineyards—and were themselves
followed by the Bourgeois and Artisan
classes. Among these are some fine wines
which now deserve greater recognition.

In fact, the old classification no longer
tells the whole truth; and opinions expressed
in the press and elsewhere have proved that
even in Bordeaux uneasiness has been stead-
ily increasing in certain quarters.

In the summer of 1959 a new committee
was formed to decide what is to be done
about reforming the 1855 classification. The
author was a member of the committee,
and previously held some sixty meetings with
shippers, brokers, and other leading Bor-
deaux growers to outline a more realistic
grading for the red wines of Bordeaux, on the
lines of the recent official ratings for Saint
Emilion and Graves; Pomerol has not yet
been classified. Each expert was interviewed
privately and “off the record,” and no one’s
views can be quoted here; but it was soon
evident that on certain points there was no
difference of opinion. Investigation of land

 

ABOUT THE AUTHOR: Alexis Lichine is recognized as
one of the world’s outstanding authorities on wine.
He isa co-owner of several outstanding vineyards—
Chateau Lascombes and Chateau Prieuré-Lichine in
the Bordeaux region, and Latricieres-Chambertin and
Bonnes-Mares in Burgundy, is a leading wine mer-
chant and America’s foremost wine connoisseur. He
has written the definitive work, Wines of France, and
currently is completing his magnum opus, The En-
cyciopedia of the Wines and Spirits of the World,
which will be published in 1960 by Alfred A. Knopf.
This article, with the listing on the page opposite, is
his long-awaited Bordeaux wine reclassification, which
will be one of the sections of his forthcoming book.

   
 
     

issue of the internationally famous magazine ESQUIRE.

  

By Alexis
Lichine

records in the various communes revealed
that some of the chateaux no longer occupied
the same terrain as they did in 1855; in
many cases, changes were insignificant, but
in others important transfers of land had
been made—and therefore even the essential
qualification of first-rate soil cannot, in these
instances, go unchallenged. Other classified
chateaux, including some Second and Third
Growths, no longer make any wine; their
names stand for Great Growths of 1855 in
the same manner as an old gateway, standing
uselessly in an overgrown park, may be the
only reminder of a crumbled castle. This
absurdity is harmful to the Bordeaux wine
trade; and, conversely, a vineyard classed as
a Fifth or even a Bourgeois Growth, when it
deserves to be sold as a Second or Third, de-
prives both the grower and the customer
Cwho is misled by the rating) of a satisfac-
tory transaction.

It was generally agreed that if the 1855
standards were to be applied today, they
would have to rate as a First Growth,Chateau
Pétrus—still unclassified because it is in
Pomerol; would have to advance Chateau
Mouton-Rothschild from a Second to a First
Growth; and elevate Cheval-Blanc from a
First of Saint Emilion to a Bordeaux Great
Growth. Indeed, since so many vineyards of
Saint Emilion, Graves and Pomerol clamor
for their rightful places, it becomes obvious
that any workable classification should in-
clude all Bordeaux wines. In fact, the system
of 1855 should not now be used—for if a
guide is no longer completely reliable, the

_ public loses confidence in it, and this is be-

ginning to happen.

As to the form a new classification should
take, opinions were almost unanimous that
the error of grading vineyards First, Second,
and so on must not be repeated. In an age of
publicity (with its reference to “images”
and competitive salesmanship, any wine
listed a Second, Third or Fourth is unfairly
handicapped; the newer classifications for
Saint Emilion and Graves have not followed
this pattern, but have graded their wines
“First Growths,” “Great Growths,” and
“Other Principal Growths.”

Finally, most of the experts consulted
were of the opinion that, in assessing the po-
sition of the vineyards, price would still be
Cas it was in 1855) tke most reliable indi-
cator; and it was on this basis, of the prices
the individual wines command in today’s
market, that the new classification was
prepared. Taken into account was the fact
that a great soil, given proper management,
will produce great wines: certain vineyards
have not been downgraded as much as their
present management warrants because the
soil is intact and, under new management,
these vineyards may rise again.

A classification should not be planned for
a shorter span than a quarter of a century.
Conversely, too frequent change would cause
confusion and loss of confidence.
The 1855 classification follows, and after it
the proposed “Lichine revised classification.”

 
 

We, at SHERRY’S, believe that it is the responsibility
of the serious wine and spirits merchant, not only to
sell, but to do all that he can to further the knowledge
of wine and the art of good living. To this end we

present this extremely interesting reprint from a recent
