 

 

     
 
 
 
 
 
    
  
   
   
    
    
    
   
    
    
  
  
   
    
   
  
   
  
    
    
 
 
  
      
    
      
 
   
     
 

REGULARLY Bottle

QUETSCH Joe ou 6A9

The distillery of Monsieur Hess never exceeds more than 600 cases of all his Eaux-
de-Vie combined in any one year. Just outside his distillery is his own orchard from
whence comes the small purple plums out of which this remarkable Quetsch is made.

It is generally acknowledged that the best small distiller in WERABELLE 9 70 a: 99
Alsace is Alfred Hess. It is his ‘alcools blancs’ that are ~ Be ee FA ae at act
served in the great restaurants of France, such as the
Restaurant de la Pyramide (Point) and Hotel de la Cote

d’Or (Dumaine). Moncieus Hess lives at the foot of the KERSCH Bie ee cares ene nee sane IL (2 ®. 40

Remarkable for its bouquet, this extraordinary fruit t Ayan is made from little yellow
plums, largely from his own orchard, but he does buy some from neighboring farmers.

Vosges Mountains, in a zone famous for its fruit, both The wild cherries from which this Kirsch is made le st oe ee at an altitude
f ° ¢ Te = » ¢ S t ES Ji av C rE: . cS I Co e
cultivated (the plums called Quetschs and Mirabelles) and above 1000 feet in order to achieve the proper flavor. The ordinary commercial ee

at : ; rs : oe Kirsch bears no comparison.
wild (the wild cherries for Kirsch and the wild raspberries P

for Framboise). FRRAMBONUSE.. on cccceeeld CO 2.95

We often hear stories of the remarkable Framboise that was found in the home of the

 
  
  
   

 

Only after several years of negotiations, was he finally per- — Mayor or local Curé of one of the small towns in Alsace. Candidly, no matter how
suaded to ship us a small quantity of his precious bottles, remote the source, we doubt any are the equal of this one. Mr. Hess’s truck and men
the best eaux-de-vie of all Alsace. Often served chilled, | ascend the mountains to an altitude well beyond 1500 feet to pick the wild raspberries.

Usually, at the end of the day, they do not come down to the distillery with m
than 100 pounds of this precious, elusive fruit. It takes 15 pounds to make one bottle
MIXED CASE ON S

3 each of the hate four om NL YS §

o

remarkable for their bouquet, these are among the most
interesting and delightful of after dinner brandies — as
such, perhaps the most highly regarded rivals of fine Cognac.

 

Serie naa

 

 

ee 29 SPLITS OF FRENCH
split CHAMPAGNE— ON SALE

MARCEL BRUT 1952 $1450

Keep several in your refrigerator at all times and be
prepared to serve fine French Champagne at amazingly
low cost —dry and flavorsome.

CASE

ae = —
Sse =a Se SS aS =a

O Vv Ss rl L E! ok GREAT 1 1953 Moselle fon MS

the Kesselstatt Domaine

 

A true estate-bottled thoroughbred produced ONLY
during one of the best Moselle years of our

generation. The wine, an exceptional 1953, $ 79
distinguished by unusual elegance, bouquet

and finesse is practically unprocurable in Ger-

many, and if found, would command a fabu-

 

 

lous price. 75
An opportunity not to be ignored by those 31
fond of fine Moselle. CASE
t: if 5 : ii AT ea ES
SAN mens ami i tga es i gptpet As nt tare crt neem LY Pian etl ry aha bho Ctr eee — oe ereenennt -

 

te ances is

Holiday Value | WHILE THEY LAST!
MAGNUM OF Half bottles of White Menthe

| f A]
; | from Alsace—all from the
PONT D’‘AVIGNON ROUGE world famous firm of Dolfi—
1955

formerly sold for 3.86—now on
| | sale at only

| Buy several for the $ | 9

 

 

To start your friends off on a sparkling note
of “Bon Voyage” send them ICED CH AM-
PAGNE IN “LE CAN-CAN.”’ Pick any
bottle listed on page 26, ADD ONLY

Add gaiety and excitement to your dinner party
at low cost. A top flight red wine of the Rhone

 

 

 

a er stppntenene e cenoemneeet nner eaten sens essen Une enats aN SERIE

Valley. halides aniatenta $2.95 for the cost of “Le Can-Can” and the
| ing days ahead and special Sailing-day Service of Sherry’s will

$ 58 ll edee. half bottle lel; er . a ctntas
$1450 pe deliver your gift right into the stateroom,
of 6 before sailing time, iced and ready to drink.

magnum

i

  

 

Page Twenty-four...

 
