  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
   

CSKRIST UAsS PCE lIElw

 

A Unique, Colorful Container
That Adds Delightiul Charm
To Your Gift of Wines & Spirits...

Whether it be Thankgiving, Christmas, or throughout the year, / /
your selection immediately becomes a unique, exciting gift when
presented in this sturdy metal “cellarette”. The front cover of
this catalog captures in a small way some of the full, vivid color
and quiet beauty of the gift container.

Everyone will be delighted with its dignified charm and adapt-
ability to many after-uses—the most original of wastepaper
baskets, a storage container for bottles, books, ete. Being water
tight, it readily becomes an exceptionally appropriate chilling
bucket for wines and Champagnes.

The design of the “cellarette” is inspired by the handsome definitive book “The
Noble Grapes and Great Wines of France” written by André Simon (published
by McGraw-Hill of New York and Rainbird, McLean Ltd. of London). We owe
a special debt of gratitude to them for their kindness in making the cellarette and
front cover of this brochure possible.

Pick ANY 3:10 BOTTLES

’ Retails regularly at 5.95.

Old selstatt cellars absolutely sensational and my present favorites are the Pont survivor of the 19th Century that still

e irrisistible to the “moselkenner”...the d’Avignon 1955 from the Rhone Valley retains vigor and the most pervasive bou-
ue dry Sercial Madeira of Blandy ($2.49) —can be obtained in red, white or pink, quet. Fewer than 300 precious bottles
957 is one of my favorite before dinner and all at $1.29 the bottle. I feel that have reached the United States. I was
aa aperitifs...the extraordinary Claret from every home should have a mixed case al delighted by the handsome label, which
; | the St. Emilion district, Chateau Grand $14.50...the La Tache 1954 of Romanee is hand signed by the firm’s director and
- Pey Lescours 1953 ($1.69) ...Dom Conti is a glorious bottle... | quote his statement on the label “‘since
ae Perignon 1949 has just reached us—a Super- the early (19th Century, it has been the
a ereat Champagne that should be acquired latives are inadequate to describe mj sen- custom of our family to set aside one or
950 now while still in supply ... drinking good sations when | first tasted HINE EF AMIL more hogsheads for our ow : per sae
aa wine everyday need not be expensive— RESERVE_—here is Cognac! A glorious use. This custom. faithfully pursued from

... Page Fifteen
