 

 

 

“ONE HUNDRED YEARS OF WISDOM”

The name of Wisdom & Warter, now a century old, has been a familiar part of
my upbringing for more years than | care to remember. It was my grandfather's
custom to serve Wisdom’s Fino or Amontillado each evening. | have recently
retasted each of these Sherries. | can only report that the high opinion held in
my youth was entirely confirmed.

Candidly, | am quite convinced that this is one of the most unique opportunities
since repeal to acquire Spain’s very finest (not their ordinary) wines... these
prices have been made possible only by a gigantic acquisition and the entire
savings are being passed on to you. There is not a Sherry in the entire lot which
would not be good value even if it sold for $3.00 the bottle, the average price
that has prevailed for the wines of Wisdom & Warter during recent years.
Kenneth Dean

Wine Consultant

Inte ed ue
Raa ued

ek ete cates

WISDOM’S SHERRIES
SALE PRICE

No Bottle Case

S| WISDOM’S FINO PALMA. .... .. - -1.539 17.95

A magnificent example of bone dry, pale, straw colored Sherry. This classic “Fino Palma” has helped Wisdom &
Warter achieve its great inte rnational reputation, now a century old. An ideal aperitif when served slightly chilled.
Che equal of many Finos that command $3.00 or more the bottle.

$2 WISDOM’S ROYAL BROWN OLOROSO .. . .1.79 19.95

[here are few wines produced in the world that quite achieve the rich, deep flavor, or dark color depth of a fine
srown Sherry. Here is a typical, fully aged example. Highly recommended between meals with fruit, nuts or
cake, or as an after-dinner dessert wine.

$3. WISDOM’S AMONTILLADO FINO. . . . . -41.99 22.65

As this name implies, a good Amontillado belongs to the Fino family, but they acquire certain different characteristics
as they mature; the color becomes more amber-like. As in the Finos, they are very dry, more nutty in flavor and

ee greater body. Here is a perfect example of fine Amontillado that normally commands well over $3.00 the
0ttle, |

$4 WISDOM’S GOLDEN CREAM. ... . . . -249 27.95

oe speaking, a top-flight Cream Sherry such as this is the oldest and most luxurious of the wines found in
> Yer ‘re | ‘ ‘ 7 F lene ’ ayer 4 * 7 . j
1€ i egas of Jerez. Usually, a fine Cream Sherry of a reputable firm commands $5.00 or more the bottle. It is
no ordinary event to obtain this medium dry, dramatically rich, wine for only $2.49. We urge that you try it.
Page Two... |

 
