A cultural explosion has taken place in the world of food and
wine. Knowledge has spread because of increased leisure, an
evergrowing publication of wine and food literature, jet
travel, and the proliferation of good restaurants.

The result is that the American consumer knows much more
than he ever did before and has become more discriminating.
The number of people in America who now know “how to
drink better for less money” is legion.

More are aware of what brand of scotch or bourbon they like,
which wine goes best with lamb or chicken, and which
brandy satisfies them best after dinner, and these preferences
have not been established without relation to cost.

Many have also learned that “‘a modest sum invested in wine
will grow in value much faster than the same sum will yield
in the bank, even at 6 per cent interest—and, in addition to
the financial advantages, you will get emotional dividends
that cannot be measured by the Dow-Jones index but are
equally valid.”

We are now approaching the holiday season and many of us
have started to think about which wines and spirits should be
given as gifts. It should be established that the most expen-
sive of items is not necessarily the best to give as a gift. In
many instances, after a bit of thought and imagination, gifts
can be selected that are particularly suitable for the recipient,
and they need not necessarily be overexpensive.

 

 

Guidance from a well informed wine merchant can be most
helpful. This brochure was created in this spirit. Browsing
through its pages should yield imaginative gifts for friends
and a rewarding selection of wines for your own home enter-
taining.

Our staff is well informed and they are eager to help, whether
it be in the shop, on the telephone, or through the mail. Our
shipping department is dedicated to prompt delivery service.

TO A GAY AND FESTIVE HOLIDAY SEASON!

DELIVERY INFORMATION

WITHIN U.P.S. ZONE: No charge for delivery within vast U.P.S.
zone on orders of $15 or more. This includes Long Island, Westchester,
and most of Rockland County. Below $15, kindly add $1.50 for de-
livery charge.

BEYOND U.P.S. ZONE (but within New York State): No charge for
delivery up to the Canadian border on orders of $150 or more. (This
is a minimum charge that trucking companies impose upon us for
upstate deliveries.) Below $150, kindly add $9.50 for each shipment.

HOURS: Open until 7 p.m. daily. During the pre-Christmas period,
starting on Monday, December 7, we will remain open until 9 p.m.

each weekday evening.

SALES TAX: Within New York City, kindly add 6%. Beyond New York
City, add appropriate tax for area involved.

Printed by ATWATER PRESS— 11/70
