   

elou
; Mose

and ot
racter, ¢¢
odka Mat

_but in fact!

low

09

ed peppe
nteed to °
d before

nay be Bet
purely *)

   
     
  
    
   
    
 
   
   
   
  
    
  
  
 
  
   
   
  
   
  
 
  
  
  
   
  
  
   
 
   
  

James Beard’s Holiday menus have brought gastronomic joy
to America for many decades. This year, when home enter-
taining has become somewhat cost-conscious, we turn to Mr.
Beard.

The recipe for each course appears in his newly issued book,
“How to Eat Better for Less Money.” For those of you who
may have the book, we have indicated page numbers in color
next to each item, that would refer to the page number in the
book where each recipe can be found. For those of you who
do not have the book, if you write or phone, we will gladly
mail you the step-by-step recipes.

Boyer Brut 1966

, Shrimp Remoulade
(dry, sparkling wine from Haut-Savoie)

q a q

Fino Sherry (Rivero) Double Chicken Consommé
% 7 %

Beaujolais Brouilly 1969 Mock Venison

in Magnum (Roast Marinated Leg of Lamb)

Potatoes Anna
Braised Leeks in Brandy

7% 7, 7%

Chateau Haut Brion 1965 Assorted Cheese Tray
% 7 q

Senior Common Room Tawny Port Poached Pears in Port
% iw a

Ragnaud V.E. Cognac Coffee

From
NUMBER 2144

OCTOBER 3, 1970 Business Week

    

How to Eat Better for Less Money, by gourmet James Beard and wine expert
Sam Aaron, is well worth buying—and turning over to your wife without delay.
Beard is great in his comments on kitchen stuff from meats to pasta, and
Aaron clearly explains such things as vintage years, prices, and how to deal
with a wine merchant (Simon & Schuster, $6.95)

 
   
   
     

Should you be interested in acquiring the book, it is available in leading book stores throughout the
country.

’ . iate Christmas gift, you need
If you Id like to send “How to Eat Better for Less Money” as an appropria
eral write SHERATON PRESS, 175 Community Drive, Great Neck, N.Y. 11021 — no money Is required
with your order. Sheraton Press will invoice you for each book, charging $6.95 plus 35 cents for postage
and handling. If you wish, they will enclose your gift card with each book.
