  

54

A delightful essay “The Pleasures of the Bottle” was written by
Mr. R. E. Alton, the bursar of St. Edmund Hall. It contains a charm-
ing report on the history of drinking at Oxford—we quote in part:

“All this is a preamble to a remarkable story: the link between
Sherry-Lehmann and St. Edmund Hall, the one a New York wine
merchant, founded in 1933, the other an institution of learning,
founded in the 13th Century—a story which is, in itself, something
of a turning-point in Anglo-American relationship. Some places
sell wine, and there is nothing very difficult in selling it. Others
(and how few of them there are!) kvow wine, search out wines,
as one might furnish a great library. Sherry’s is such a place, and
this dedication involves a good deal of travel, a lot of knowledge
... looking around for new sources of pleasure, for a place where
the cellars are still rich, still untouched. Oxford? Of course.

Everyone knows about the college cellars, the Senior Common
Room Port, the private stocks of whisky that are laid down, even
when the present Duke of Windsor was an undergraduate. They
are part of the Oxford tradition, the Oxford legend, like Magdalen
College's famous deer, like Blackwell's bookshop, like the elegant
Gridiron Club, like the notorious Oxford mist (it would be called
a heavy fog in any other less romantic city).

One no more expects to get at these stocks of
Port, Whisky, Sherry and Cognac, than one
expects to dine in New York off Magdalen
deer, or to bottle that famous Oxford mist.
Yet the thing has been done. One of the oldest
institutions in Oxford has permitted Sherry’s
to place on the market a limited supply of its
special selections. Nothing will be said of
them here, except that they are, in every sense,
worthy of their origin, remarkable bottles of
unique quality.”

The Wines & Spirits of St EDMUND HALL
in the Un wersity of OX FORD

   
  
  
 
 
  
   
 
   
  
    
    
 
 
  
  
    
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
   
  

Bottle Case

HIGH TABLE FINO SHERRY . 209 |= 39,7)
The Fellows, in their long black gowns, sweep to their places at
High Table—the Senior Fellow taps his gavel—the undergrad-
uates rise—and then the Fino Sherry is served.

SENIOR COMMON ROOM TAWNY PORT 3.49 = 39.75
The table is cleared; Port glasses are lifted, accompanied by the
ritual salute, ‘Gentlemen, the Queen.’

ARCHBISHOPS MEAD 3 |. 3.40 30.75
King Alfred is the reputed founder of Oxford University and
his drink, Mead, is still consumed there. Wassail!

DRY RAINWATER MADEIRA poo). Ae
Mr. R. E. Alton, the Shakespearean scholar at St. Edmund Hall,
reports, ‘Falstaff was said by Poins to have sold his soul for a
cup of Madeira.’

CYRIL’S OWN CREAM SHERRY . ADT 55.) 5
Cyril, the butler, has loyally served the college for over thirty
years and is still there today. Here is the rich, luxurious ‘Cyril's
Own’ Cream Sherry that bears the name of the man who serves it.

Below Below
THE GIN OF ST. EDMUND HALL 600 -70.51

A superlative spirit, distilled in England at’ 90 proof, with a
flavor approved by generations of members of St. Edmund Hall.

Below Below
THE SCOTCH OF ST. EDMUND HALL 6.96 79.51
The St. Edmund scholars, glass in hand, delight in quoting from
Robert Burns, “Freedom and whisky gang thegither.”
Below Below
THE COGNAC OF ST. EDMUND HIATT. 11.96 136.51
The Oxonian takes his brandy seriously and requires that it be
pale, dry, delicate and of superior finesse. In the Senior Common
Room, it is a frequent accompaniment to coffee and cigars.

THE ST. EDMUND HALL ASSORTMENT — One bottle
of each of the eight above Selections from St. Edmund Hall
(8 different ones) are available to satisfy your own tasting
Curiosity — or you Can send the 8 bottles to an appreciative
friend as a unique gift, reflecting the good taste associated
with the oldest college of Oxford University.

Cost of all eight — Below $42.51 Complete

  
