 
 

THE WINES OF YUGOSLAVIA—AT THEIR BEST

  
    
      
    
  
    
     
    
   
     
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
  
   
   
  
    

SOROS

A just-arrived importation marks the
first time that the most dedicated wine
growers of Yugoslavia have made an
all-out effort to export their very best
varietal wines to the United States.

Up to now, Yugoslavia has sent us sat-
isfying, but relatively undistinguished
little country wines. Here they are send-
ing us superior grape varieties from
fc : their best vineyards, and of outstanding
Peo YU oom ; '
i a : ® Fg , vintage year. Good wine can only be
ORR i ae oo = produced in a temperate zone. All of
4 these have grown bordering the 45th
parallel which traverses northern Yugo-
slavia and cuts across such celebrated
wine regions as Piedmont, Bordeaux
and the Rhone Valley. The vignerons
of Yugoslavia operate out of a long tra-

adriatica adriatica dition of wine excellence—wine making

Mm
»
"1105
ca

th EXcelle

 

yn Bourbons

ted blind
d Collector's]
ere distilled in
rvone’s surpri

PRODUCT OF YUCISLAVIA

1 as an cosa
as the beter, mODUCTOYUGOSAYA “pee can be traced back to the 6th Century.

mwas sold hy adriatica
sb oF YUE Me ¢ , ad riatica

PRODUCT OF YUGOSLAVIA

   

It is no ordinary wine event to be able

well worth it] to obtain eminently satisfying wines, re-

  

ty ie. fcAtL Ge OPOLO : CABERNET gardless of country of origin, for
fat truly app : - aoe. "ROSE WINE PROM ISTRIA slightly under $2.00 the bottle. The im-

PROM DALMATIA oe : ee

RIZLING — i A ele | portant test, of course, is when the cork
Se ge BE fn @ F is drawn and the wine is served. Based
: ee “th, on our experience, these wines will pass
that test. Curious? Why not try a bottle

time to acquire

eeds — because

 

-d inventory Wi of each?
the year.
Bottle Case
Ormoz is a favored wine exposure nestling between Italy on the west and Hungary on the east. The
native ‘Sipon’ grape yields a wine of outstanding quality, rich, round, full-bodied, with a somewhat
sweet fruitiness. Clean and fresh on the palate, because of the relatively cool climate prevailing in
northerly part of Yugoslavia.

Obviously ‘Rizling’ is the same grape as ‘Riesling.’ This noble grape is grown in the Fruska-Gora hills
that extend along the right bank of the Danube, about 70 miles northwest of Belgrade, the best white
wine area of the state of Serbia. It is rather similar to the German rieslings, but a bit softer and lower
in acidity.

Opolo is actually not a grape, but the name given to a pleasant vin rosé grown along the Dalmatian
coast from Zadar to Dubrovnik. Medium dry, blessed with a deep, delightful pink color, and endowed
with sufficient fruit and bouquet. Although the vineyard hills are swept bare by the constant Adriatic
wind. nevertheless, the vines flourish and achieve an astonishing depth of flavor for a vin rose.

As in Bordeaux, the wine growers of Istria have traditionally cultivated ‘Cabernet,’ one of the noblest
of the red wine grapes. Because of proximity to Western Europe, the Istrian peninsula tends to use the
wine techniques of France and Italy. This wine is quite indistinguishable in blind tasting from a good
Bordeaux. Full-bodied, deep-colored, elegance apparent, earthy and sturdy. Goes well with the heaviest
be of meat courses and cheese.

 

47

 

ale
