  

YOU CAN BUY IT FOR YOUR OWN PLEASURE ——OR SENI

NEWS: "1970 IS THE BEST BEAUJOLAIS VINTAGE IN 30 YEARS"

 

) A GIFT CERTIFICATE FOR ONE

 

 

 

 

 

hi CASE TO A FRIEND AS AN IMAGINATIVE AND 'AU COURANT' CHRISTMAS GIFT!
of 1ACTH . ae
. A CASE CAN BE ORDERED NOW——DELIVERED DURING MARCH 1971—AND AT A SAVINGS!
G. 1 "THR FIRS > + r Sere cee +
0: ere apa hems te aya ae ee oe
as . = ut\ 3 DAVES YOU $3.35 FOR BACH CASE!
ith
ed
he ee
- ee sae ony pte — harvest so that the wine could be judged, the Marquis de Roussy de Sales
* Siravede. aL ae ei Beaujolais Brouilly produced at Chateau de la Chaize SHNICC AU Siew DOL els Silat than my
i: peda [ee 1969s. -eintend dispatching the wine soon after it is bottled to meet a Speedy Sag limes that boat
- +3 senogures to are in New York during the latter part of February, permitting delivery to ae wine
: oe ie Peas during elses March. Your clients will Surely share my enthusiasm once the wane arrives
: ae oe p eres ue ee lS eter flavor, bouquet and glorious balance. Unlike other red wines,
_ aoe 70 eee be ep eee ee pees during the prime of its youthful life, and it can also look forward to a
. few good years, of delightful drinking ahead."
_ ee Se ae ee ee at cna DE LA CHAIZE, will not ee te your palate when
ho chased now — the case will c é acre er ere ee a ee pies cae REE-98 = oe eae
: as command $52.50 in March — buying it now represents a saving of $3.35.
na
of
BEAUJOLAIS BROUILLY 1970

s Chateau de la Chaize

99

 
 
  
  
  

$28.95 Case

 

If purchased now —

Thats L970 us also: avarlabile tJnaeHaden boweLes or
Magnums at $3.00 the case additional.

announcing to the recipient that he will receive one case of 1970 Chateau de la Chaize during March of 1971.
You can attach your personal greetings to the Gift Certificate and we will mail it for you. The case will
be delivered during March automatically. Why not order a case of this glorious 1970 for yourself too?

 

After long experimentation, we have decided that Lillet
is our favorite aperitif from France. We suppose our
decision is based on the fact that it is definitely the
driest, the color is beautifully pale, the taste is light
and refreshing. Perhaps the most immediate reason is
that it is practically a ‘one bottle bar’ because of its
exceptional versatility. Lillet can be kept in the refrig-
erator and served immediately, neat on-the-rocks, pre-
ferably with a twist of lemon or orange peel. When we
are thirsty, we fill a tall glass of Lillet, plenty of ice
and soda and our thirst goes away. When we are in the
mood for a new kind of Dry Martini, we add either Gin
or Vodka—and it can be made bone-dry, if so desired.

 

 

 

James Beard likes to put 1 oz. of Lillet at the bottom of
the Champagne glass and fill it with one of his favorite
dry Champagnes. Sam Aaron obtains excellent results

 

by simply adding a teaspoon of Creme de Cassis to a

 

class of icy Lillet, creating a pleasant rosy hue, reflect-

 

LILLET (Aperitif from France) 52279, 40%

 

ing the happy marriage of Lillet and the berry flavor of
black currant.

Michael Dreyfus, a world authority on the wines of

France prefers to serve it in the following fashion: —
(1) Put 2 or 3 ice cubes and a generous quantity
of Lillet in a large tulip-shaped wine glass; (2)
hold a slice of orange peel ready to be warmed
in one hand; (3) with your other hand, hold a lit
match below the peel, warming it, so that the oils
and essences are extracted by the heat; (4) drop
the peel into the glass.

This process may seem complicated and unnecessary,
but in truth, the heat releases the freshness and the fruit
of the orange which then blends harmoniously with the
Lillet. The result is excellent, will delight your friends

-we promise that you will repeat this magician-like

motion time and time again.

20A

   
