 

 

| SHIPPERS
| JEREZ DE LA FRONTERA (si

‘ME OLOEST SHERRY FIRM IN
23 eoemee See “

 
 

GROWERS

 
 
  
   
 

 

   

 

Recommended to those
— accustomed to paying
over $3 a bottle for a
‘Spanish Fino’ and over
$5 for ‘Spanish Cream
Sherry.’

* —- Here are some of the best
Sherries produced in
Spain from the venerable
house of J. M. RIVERO, the
oldest Sherry firm in all
Spain, established during
the early 17th century.

Here are the Great Sherries of Spain

From the Oldest Sherry House in Jerez

 

 

No. Bottle Case
1235 RIVERO’S FINO VERE fag,

A light, dry, delicate wine; pale, straw-colored; the typical, unmistakable bouquet of a Fino, slightly reminiscent
of almonds. The aperitif wine of Spain, ideal with hors d’oeuvres, consommé, and shell fish. Serve chilled as an
interesting change from the dry Martini.

1236 RIVERO’S *TROCADERO” AMONTILLADO .

A good Amontillado develops out of the Fino family, acquiring its own unique characteristics as it matures; the
color becomes more amber-like, the flavor more nutty, and there is more depth in body. Its nearest counterpart in
our cellars commands $3.89.

i257 = RIVERO'S “RAST INDIA” AMOROSO __..

The East India Amoroso obtained its name from the practice in the days of sailing vessels of sending casks of
Sherry aboard ship to the East Indies and back. The saying was, “the sea-sick wines of Jerez are worth double.
The color is amber and the flavor is rich and full. occupying a mid-point between dryness and sweetness.

1253 RIVERO’S “CARRASCAL” CREAM .

The richer and older of the Olorosos bear the name ‘Cream’ Sherry. This concept was developed in Bristol, Eng-
land and Cream Sherries are extremely popular throughout the English-speaking world, particularly in the U.S.
Y . . . . . r g c
Cream Sherry of this age and character, medium dry and dramatically rich, generally commands between $4.85
and $6.75 the bottle.

1238 RIVERO’S FINO MANTECOSO

The lightest of all sherries, dry, crisp, definitely an appetizer

-a byword in Spain where it is also extremely
popular with the younger set.

1239 RIVERO’S DRY OLOROSO

A special blending of very fine sherries Incorporating the tr

ee aditional Sweet Oloroso characteristics with very dry
wines. A fascinating wine of good bouquet and flavor,

perfect for modern tastes.

1240 RIVERO’S TRAFALGAR 1805 (Solera Vieja)

Dark, golden sherry with great body, medium dry. A collector’s item, bottled from the original soleras established
with the barrels seized by the British at Trafalgar and bought back by Rivero in public auction at Tarifa in 1805.
Because the date ‘1805’ appears on the label and because the recipient will find this one of the most excellent
Sherries he has ever tasted, ‘TRAFALGAR 1805’ lends itself to being a most exciting gift to add a ‘sense of
history’ to the Yuletide festivities.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

  
