“The nassuminc>
UJINES “Europe

We invite you to adventure among the less well-known but nevertheless surpris-
ingly-good table wines of Portugal, Switzerland and Austria. Here are wines
that have been generally neglected in America and deserve greater attention.
You will discover that many of them are being offered at prices that are almost
fifty percent less than what you have been accustomed to paying.

Choose among them—they are below $2.00 the bottle—and embark on a joy-
ous, modestly-priced adventure in a tasting among some of the most interesting

wines produced on the continent.

Fron Eee TuUGAL

RED WINES
DAO SAO PEDRO TINTO 1.39 15.19

We first learned about this remarkably good dark red table wine, grown south of Oporto,
from H. Gregory Thomas, President of Chanel, Inc., and one of America’s leading authori
ties on wine and food. He bought two cases, aroused our curiosity, and we tasted it. We
agree—-one of the best values in red wine available any where on the globe

VINHO VERDE TINTO (Casal Garcia) . 1.49 16.95
The label looks as though it were made of lace, the taste is slightly reminiscent of velvet,
and the bouquet is as fresh as gingham. Here is a new material for wine lovers, never
imported into the United States before, it has its own genuine character and validity, and
those who take wine drinking either seriously or pleasurably, should not deny themselves
the experience of Portgual’s best red table wine

WHITE WINES
DAO SAO PEDRO BRANCO 1.45 15.72

We move into a better class here—more finesse, full flavored, relatively dry, surprisingly

good, exceptional value.

VINHO VERDE BRANCO (Casal Garcia)... 1.49 16.95

From the high plateau land above the Douro river comes this remarkable, light, fresh
white wine. Here is the Montrachet and Wehlener Sonnenuhr of Portugal. Certainly, not
in the same class, but nevertheless, there is enough breed and distinction to justify the
zealous search for this “‘Vinho Verde” by the knowledgable wine drinkers of Portugal. f

PINK WINES
MATEUS ROSE 1.99 21.49

The flat pear shaped bottle, proudly holding its superior pink wine, has become a standard
for Vin Rose in Europe, South America, and now in the United States. It is made of the
historic Bastardo grape and is an excellent definition of the clear color, subtle bouquet and
refreshing lightness associated with a pleasing Vin Rose. Half bottles are available at
1.11 each, 23.98 the case of 24

666

GUMPO
SPATL

To the sout
as “Rumpe
with a light
nevertheless

KREMSE
VELTLI

In the Dan
Krems whi

GRINZI

The suburb
Manhattan.
indeed whe

NUSSBE
RIESLI

The vineya
we can to€G

WHITE WINES

LA COTE DU VALAIS 1959
Following the Rhone, out of Lake Ge
is their delicate bouquet and their inte
NEUCHATEL 1959 (Ville de Neuc
This proud property of the City of N@
Switzerland.

ee ee GO ee i ic
There is a 10 mile stretch of a mount
which includes the jewel-like town of
land. This one is extraordinary.
AIGLE 1959 (Cave d’Aigle) ........9
At the eastern end of Lake Geneva, i
Has all of the crisp freshness of a moun

DEZALEY 1960 (L’union Vinicole
The two great aristocrats of the La
Dezaley, made from the Fendant grag
character.

TOHANNISBERG DU VALAIS 196@
The Swiss respected the Riesling grap
which this wine comes. Some considé

SHERRY WINE &

 
