 

Hebe maguire here> hes
ihe tem eed Hee

 

  

Rare, Irreplaceable
Vintage MADEIRA
aft Jeera (ne

¥ Last Century

 

  

“The very existence, let alone the sheer perfection of these
vintage Madeiras, is an historic wine event—these 19th Century
Madeira have provided one of the great wine .tasting experiences
of my life,” states James Beard.

Here is an unusual offering of four remarkable, authentic 19th
Century Vintage Madeiras. Each bottle is signed by a director of
the impeccable firm of Blandy certifying that the bottle con-
tains a genuine Madeira of the vintage stated. Most of these
vintage Madeiras have disappeared from our cellars, but these
four thoroughbreds remain. We suggest the acquisition of these
precious bottles while they are on sale during this period.

YEAR NOW

io Prt fk lk 1G TS. IGS

Acquired by D. Eugenia Bianchi Henriques, a partner of Blandy, who inherited

eR STS (12.25

Acquired by Blandy from Joao Pereira de Oliveira, one of the largest Jand owner

Preceoertn ©. 8 Res. OS

Acquired from the late Baltazar Gonsalves who was Mayor of Funchal in 1952

Seseenrino =}... ig Ck 1875 12.25

   
   

   

Every drop is of the 1900 vintage and was aged in oak until 1957 al
n f tk k r hich yielded 626 bott »f which 600 | ne

have been reserved for Sherry Wine & Spirits Co., New York. The remainder has

COLLECTOR'S ATTENTION!

One each of the four Madeiras listed above ONLY $47.50

CoAy ce

EQUATOR]

THE GREATEST
TREASURE OF

  

JEREZ

 

  

 

2 _| EQUATOR

[he scholarly Mr. Humbert was recently in America and he let us taste
“EQUATOR SHERRY.” We were amazed by its depth of flavor, its

great distinction, its beautiful harmony and fullness combined with

dryness. Mr. Humbert beamed as he stated, “This is the prize of our
century-old cellars—an aged wine that is as full as a

Cream Sherry and yet wonderfully dry—the modern > 99
counterpart of those sherries we used to send on long Bc
voyages and sailing vessels in the olden days.” ottle
He could only spare 25 cases—it normally sells at 7.99—and ;

if you want an amazing taste sensation, we urge that you 6850
buy it during this sale period at $2.00 the bottle Savings. Case

     

SINGLE

WILLIAMS & HUMBERT

BRITALIN’S BEST

CIDER

TP vores

NE x

1A

THE
CASE

“Best hard cider encountered in
Europe—fine fruit—delightful for
summer drinking’—stated James
Beard on his return from
European gastronomic tour.

he delightful, light-hearted,
fruity flavor of this British Cider
will add new pleasantness and in-
terest to warm weather drinking.
The best of them in the cellars of
H. P. Bulmer of Hereford who
first made Cider in his small shed
back in 1887 for Queen Victoria’s

Jubilee, and has held the Royal

Warrant from 1911 until the pre-
sent.

a

 

AULMER'S IMPORT

HARD CIDER
et

1P. BULMER & Colt

HEREFOR

As a warm Weather thirst
quencher, it has few equals when
served straight or over the rocks
in a tall glass with a dash of lemon
or lime added

W SALE!

The name of WISDOM & WARTER, now a century old.

has always represented the best wine making skill in

Jerez. These fantastically

low prices, almost 50% hbe-

low the usual price, has been made possible only by a
very large acquisition and the entire savings are being

passed on to you.
Vo

SL WISDOM’S FINO PALMA . .

Bottle Case

1.589 17.95

A magnificent example of bone dry, straw colored Sherry [This classi¢ ‘Fine
Palma” has helped Wisdom & Warter achieve its great international reputation
now a century old. An ideal aperitif when served slightly hilled. The equal of
many Finos that command $3.00 or more the bottle

S2 WISDOM’S ROYAL
BROWN OLOROSO

1.79 19.95

There are few wines produced in the world that quite achieve the rich, deep flavor
or dark color de pth of a fine Brown Sherry. Here is a typi al fully aged example
Highly recommended between meals with fruit, nuts or cake, or as an after dinner
dessert wine

S38. WISDOM’S

AMUN EALS FINO . 3

1.99 22.65

po ;
As this name implies, a good Amontillado belongs to the Fino family, but they

acquire certa
amber-like. As in the Finos. they are

mands well over $3.00 the bottle

S4. WISDOM’S
GOLDEN CREAM .

Generally speaking, a top-flight Cream

of a reputable firm commands $5.00 or

obtain this medium dry dramatically
you try it

in different characteristics

is they mature: the color becomes moré

: very dry, more nutty in flavor and develoy
greater body Here is a perfect exampl

e of fine Amontillado that normally com

2.49 27.95

Sherry such as this is the oldest and most
luxurious of the wines found in the Bodee

is of Jere Usually. a fine Cream Sherry
more the bottle. It is no ordinary event to
rich, wine for only $2.19. We urge that
