Foreword
Assortments
Fine Decanters é : : :
Pre-Prohibition Whiskies . : : i M. LEHMANN, INC:
Romance in Cognac : ;
Just in Case . : ; ; : :
Champagne . : : ‘ ; Extends warmest
Champagne in Large Bottles
Red Bordeaux .
Red Burgundy . :
Magnums Bordeaux and Burgundy . : : : : : : me

: to its host of friends
White Burgundy... : ;
White Bordeaux

Port, Sherry, Madeira. . . . to old friends who return each holiday season and

Season’s Greetings

Garman Wines : to all who we have the pleasure of serving for the first

Wines for the Connoisseur time.

Scotch Whisky
Canadian Whiskey . : : On the following pages are listed fifty assortments and

American Whiskey many of our specialties. From amongst these may be
chosen a simple remembrance, or an elaborate gift for

the most gala occasion.
TERMS OF OFFERING

All offerings are in fifth (1/5) size bottles unless otherwise stated and subject to prior sale.
When remitting add 3% city sales tax on purchases to be delivered in Greater New York.

Credit: No retail dealer may sell or deliver any Alcoholic Beverages on credit. (N.Y. State
Law)

Prices are subject to change without notice.

You are cordially invited to view our holiday display.
We are confident that in our varied selections you will

find the appropriate gift for the most discriminating.

Rule 31 . . . New York State Liquor Authority regulations states:— ''Baskets and boxes may be used
in conjunction with the sale of alcoholic beverages only if the actual cost of such container is charged
to the consumer in addition to the cost of the merchandise contained therein."

FAIR TRADE 374 PARK AVENUE ° NEW YORK 22, N. Y.

To the best of our knowledge these prices are not below the minimum at which these Wines and/or x
Spirits may be sold in the State of New York under the Mitchell Bill of 1950, errors and omissions PLAZA 9 3300
excepted.

In the event of shortages due to circumstances beyond our control, substitutions may be unavoid-
able, values however will always be equal.

 
