flavor ensues and the pan juices are magnificent when
served with the meat. No thickening is necessary. It is
just the pure essence of beef and the flavor of fine red wine.
One of those simple little things that adds the gourmet
touch to simple food.

Here's a recipe, easy and quick, that will make a most
delectable dinner for two. Take two veal kidneys and free
them of all membrane. Slice thin and dredge lightly with
flour. Melt five tablespoons of butter in a skillet and add
one clove of garlic finely cut. Saute the kidneys very quickly
until delicately browned on both sides - this should take you
only a matter of a few minutes. Salt and pepper to taste.
Remove the kidneys to a hot plate and add about 1/4 cup

red wine (Kressmann Monopole Rouge would be ideal here -
and you can serve the remainder with the meal) to the pan
and let it cook for just a moment or two before adding 2 cup
sour cream. Stir the cream constantly and be certain that it
does not boil. Taste for seasoning and pour over the kidneys.
Serve at once with boiled rice and a crisp salad with French
dressing. A good piece of cheese and some French bread
and you are now ready for conversation and brandy.

RANDOM NOTES:- Budget-minded Bourbon imbibers can
now, for the first time in years, obtain three year old
straight bourbon at low cost. I find that it makes a good,
full-flavored old-fashioned ... The fun of drinking Champagne
is now almost a daily possibility with splits of French
Champagne, the delightful Croyden Freres, at only 98¢ each
-s. hor can I restrain a glow of pride on seeing the Kressmann
Monopole Rouge, a Claret that has earned a rightful place on
countless menues throughout the world, at only $1.19 the
bottle, $13.50 the case. It is really worth straining your
storage capacity to acquire a case or two before the
inevitable course of events will force the price to higher
levels ... Several friends who sing the praises of Air Wick
as an aid in keeping the household free of Kitchen odors ...
The added lift that good Kirsch can give to Springtime
desserts ... The enthusiastic reports that reach us from
those who have tried the Single Cask Unblended Cognac ...

Another sign of Spring - a marked increase in the sale of
Creme de Cassis ... TO A HAPPY SPRING’

ISSUED BY
SHERRY WINE AND SPIRITS CO., Ine.
679 MADISON AVENUE + TEmpleton 8-7500

MEDIOCRE AND POOR YEARS ARE OMITTED

All indications point to a great year, particularly among white wines which
are exceptionally full flavored.

Excellent for red and white Burgundy. Poor in white Bordeaux. Apt to be
overlooked, because it is sandwiched between two great years.

A very great year. May possibly exceed 1929 in both Bordeaux and Bur-
gundy. Will be expensive because of low yield. Perfect year for laying
down. Alsatians, white Burgundies, and the lighter red wines are ready for
present drinking.

1943 | 4 great year for all wines. Will prove the equal of 1937. Best values on

the market. Regional reds and all whites ready for drinking now. The
great reds need a little more bottle age.

1942 | 4 very good year, but not quite the equal of 1943; relatively better in
white Bordeaux and red Burgundy.

1940 | 4 good year in Bordeaux, but doubtful in Burgundy. Clarets are well bal-
anced, but rather light, and represent exceptional value for immediate

drinking.

1938 | 4 satisfactory year, exceptional values available here.

1937 | A very great year in all French wine growing districts. Phe great wines ne
now fully matured and at their peak. Because of scarcity, likely to be

expensive, but really worth the price to those who want truly great wines.

1934 | Great. Those from the best vineyards are magnificent. The lesser vineyards
have passed their peak and are getting too old.

1933 | Great in red Burgundy, provided it is a top vineyard. Avoid lesser vineyards
since they might prove too old.

1929 Very great, but be careful of your selection. Stick to first growth Clarets
ae and only the best Burgundy vineyards, else they will be too old.

1928

CHAMPAGNES — the vintage years currently being shipped from the great

Champagne houses are °34, °37, °41, °42, and °43. A little °28 is still arriving.

ALSATIAN, RHINE, MOSELLE—The best years are °47, °46, °45, 43, °42. Some of

the °37 is still great.

SHERRY WINE & SPIRITS CO., ANC.
679 MADISON AVE. at 61st ST., NEW YORK
TEMPLETON 8-7500

 
