    
    
 
  

a ‘ee
sa aan] cS. ow
Piva oa we Sy =
Ee
EA ae 4 a Pep we “
Kc “Ee ee es opt f Le
, cs <a 3 z
5 oe De
om See

ae

aT andreas

     
      
 
 

     
 
    

4
Rasa:

i % ait *y a ee [_- + - of
ae a rad
i:

 

e et wm
1 if posi ‘- abet a cond

. ;
re hy Pas

a
/ z
PY ed Sn —4
ok Fee, soa Ge
; wy, 4 ee es oi ‘3 i-_”
>
Lye
¢

Be RAnosead

     

     
  
 

Many of the famed vineyards are so close to Vienna that they say given enough sun, the
vines of Nussberg and Grinzing would entwine the Opera House in the centre of town.
And just to the south there is Gumpoldskirchen, a show village—and but a bare 70 miles
away there are the old wine growing towns of Krems and Loiben.

With this cosmopolitan, crossroads-of-the world background, the wines cannot help being
sophisticated, and take on the gaiety, subtlety and zest of beloved Vienna.

Many of these wines have been competitively submerged by those of Germany and
Alsace among the wine drinkers of the world, but nevertheless, they are good and deserve
recognition and appreciation. The discriminating citizens

     
        
   
   
 
      
   
   
   
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
  

Bottle Case of Vienna are not foolish when they express pride in their
GUMPOLDSKIRSCHNER wines, just as they do in their boiled beef, pastry palaces,
FICHBERG 1967. . 2 2 coffee houses, Heurigen, Kaiserchmarren and Sachertorte.
Estate bottled, Dr. Ernst Weigl Here are prime examples being offered in America, for
To the south of Vienna there is a fairy land village that bears the name as the first time, at aneret eal wane <ven atte Ss
grotesque as “Rumpelstilskin.” Not easy to pronounce, but quite easy to drink, of the most conservative, bourgeoise Austrian.

we are dealing with a light, pleasing, dry white wine, a bit less flowery than
its German equivalent, but, nevertheless, has its own ‘raison d'etre.’

GUMPOLDSKIRSCHNER DOKTOR
SPATLESE CABINET 1966.
Estate bottled, Dr. Ernst Weigl
If Gumpoldskirschner has a ‘Montrachet’ you can find it here at the ‘Doktor’
vineyard proudly owned by Dr. Weigl. Outstanding.
ted SCHLOSS GRAFENEGG GRUENER

VRILINER 1966 . .

      
 

Estate bottled, Prince von Metternich

 
 

 
   
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 

 

his vineyard is one of the wine jewels of the von Metternich family—the A

ures same family that owns Schloss Johannisberg on the Rhine. If you want to ex- Ser oe

sarpat perience Austrian wine at its best, do not overlook this dry white wine classic. en at et fe ae eh ;
NUSSBERGER SPATLESE 1966. . . pence ae | (fy Tae ary yyy bin ae
Estate bottled, The Abbey of Schotten iy! Sb he tics
The vineyards were established in 1158 and the Viennese can walk there as i
readily as we can to Central Park. 90% is consumed in Vienna and the rest pir
is for the world. fy

GRINZINGER AUSLESE 1966 . . .
Estate bottled, The Abbey of Schotten

nal The suburb of Grinzing bears the same relation to Vienna that Glen Cove
ae does to Manhattan. Some of the best wine of Austria is made here and it is
a rare indeed when the thirsty, knowing Viennese permit it to escape.

LOIBNER KAISERWEIN 1966 . . .
Emperor Franz Josef had a favorite wine and it was Loibner Kaiserwein.

His 1890 might have been good, but we question whether it surpassed this
1966. Perhaps the best single dry white wine of all Austria.

Let us be lighthearted and carefree—let us try a bottle each of all six of the wines
listed above. Simply ask for the “AUSTRIAN SAMPLER” and a bottle of each will
be sent to you for the modest sum of ONLY $13.95. (Would cost $15.04 if purchased
individually.)

679 MADISON AVE. ee
(at Gist) TEMPLETON 8-7500 ==. SS=-

  
