  

 

 

Adventures
in

able to many after-uses. You need merely
pick your favorite wines and spirits and
have them sent in this colorful, charming
container for only $2.95 additional
(holds up %o- 12: bottlés).:,.and, of
course, there are many other intriguing
Christmas gift containers such as the tra-
ditional basket, the “Drum Cooler,” ‘“‘Le
Can-Can,” the “Wine Rack,” and many,
many more.

| was overwhelmed by the large,
impressive collection of great Chateau
bottled Clarets covering all of the good
vears of the last two decades... I do not
think there has been any other time since
the war where it has been possible for the
Claret lover to obtain so many wonderful
Chateau bottled Clarets at prices such as
these ... the sale list starts on Page 5 and
goes on and on...choose among them
and drink outstanding red wine at a cost
so low that even a Parisian might envy

 

A corner of our Century Old Cellars

you...the Haut Brion and Mouton
Rothschild 1954 are surprising in their
grace... the Figeac and La Mission Haut

Brion 1955 are outstanding... all of the
1953s reflect the fruit and warmth of that
year, but I particularly single out a 1953
Chateau Carraudes de Lafite Rothschild
which, at $2.19, is probably the best value
to be found anywhere in New York City

.and let us not forget the great and
irreplaceable First Growth Clarets of such
years as 1949 and 1947...

were | not to
exalt the amazing qualities of the 19th
Century Madeiras that can be found, in
all their historic glory, at Sherry’s...
each of them is an authentic collector’s
item from a small reserve that has been
resting through the decades on the island
of Madeira...the years available go
back far into history, and when one
drinks them, he is consuming history-
proud products of such years as 1792,
1805, 1818, 1860, 1885 and many more

Mapeira DRANCO
VINTAGE 1818 nrceine

Omy 56 potmes
Int EXISTENCE

This is botfle

No. 12

     
     
     
  

  

Bottled and Shipped by

BIANDYS MADEIRAS [43-
Funchal — Madeira.

     

       

... though the age of these rarities seem
almost unbelievable, yet they have com-
pletely retained their vigor, richness of
taste, magnificent bouquet and depth of
character. A ‘single bottle’ can, in many
instances, be a more exciting gift to an
appreciative friend than a whole case of
a more unusual wine or spirit. As a mat-
ter of fact, | can recommend unreservedly
that you set aside at least one bottle for
your own joyous drinking and for your

own holiday dinner.

Each of these Madeiras proudly bears a
simple label indicating the year of the
vintage and the number of bottles that
exist in the world. The back label gives
a personal history of the wine and is hand
signed by a director of the fine old firm
of Blandy. An example of this label, with
its individual number written in by hand,

appears above.

Just as France
is proud of their rare old Cognacs, so
America can be proud of its rare old
Bourbons. The classic and most sought-
after examples are the pre-prohibition
Bourbons that, alas, have now become
museum pieces. The closest counterpart
of these that we have run across is the
extraordinary Johnny Reb 12 Year Old
Kentucky Bourbon, so superlative that
it can be served as an after-dinner liqueur
in a brandy inhaler with the coffee—and
yet it presently cost but $7.99 the bottle.
At this low price, I can only recommend
that you acquire some for yourself and
reserve the bottles you may need as an
extraordinary Christmas gift to a friend
who appreciates rare old Bourbon.

from abroad
has been good—because of cloudless skies
from mid-June until harvest time, the
vineyards of Europe have been gathering
grapes, rich in sugar with the promise
of a great vintage year in 1959. At the
moment, it is appropriate that we open
fine old bottles, fill our glasses, and wish
well to the new vintage year and hope
that it fulfills the promise and acclaim
it had already received even before the
grapes were picked. We will know more
about this next year when we have had
some opportunities to taste the wine in
barrel. Wine lovers will have to wait until
1962 at the earliest for their first taste
of ’59 red Bordeaux and probably will
have to wait an additional five years until
the better ones have properly aged in
bottle. All this bodes good for the future.
Let us all be grateful for, and enjoy, the
great vintage years that are presently
available, such as the fine whites of 1958.
and the great 1957s, 1955s, 1953s and

1952s—and the authentic survivors of a
previous decade—glories like the 1949s,
1947s and 1945s.

 

IS eX-
emplified by Champagne. There is the
glamorous Dom Perignon 1949 in its
classic bottle; the crystal-like bottle hold-
ing Cristal Cuvee 1953 of Roederer; the
newly arrived 1953 vintage of Bollinger,
Moet & Chandon and Mumm; nor should
we overlook the dry, beautifully balanced
Cuvee Albert Brut of Pommery & Greno,
a great Champagne that can hardly be
called expensive at only $5.99 the bottle;
and, of course, we carry such consistent
favorites as Ayala Gold Label 1953,
Perrier Jouet, Krug, Lanson, Clicquot,
Charles Heidsieck and Taittinger.

Continued on Page Seventeen

SHERRY Wine & Spirits Co.

679 Madison Ave: New York
TEmpleton 8-7500

Fifteen

     
   
     
   
   
       
       
    
    
   
  
    
  
 
    
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
  
 
    
  
   
  
  
   
   
  
  
    

 

 

  
