  
 

   

Europe's Oldest and
Most Remarkable Wine

In 1957, Her Majesty, Queen Elizabeth IT visited Portugal
and to commemorate the event, the entire contents of the cask
which held the 1792 Solera was bottled, interrupting a 165

year slumber. We were fortunate in acquiring some of these S

precious bottles and were amazed by its extraordinary
qualities — its full vigor, penetrating bouquet and great

depth of flavor. Being relatively dry, it rivals fine old Cognac

in scope and interest.

Here is a true collector’s item, that soon will be gone—even
a single bottle will add its touch of lustre to the most dis-
tinguished cellar, historic interest to the holiday dinner
party, and heartwarming joy as a unique Christmas gift to

an appreciative friend.

Adventures
in

YTINUATION

sought after red Burgundies of the Do-

maine de la Romanee Conti—you will

find them in these pages...the “Anti-
quary,” long missing from our shores,

has now put in an appearance and will
surely please those who demand extra-
ordinarily fine Scotch whisky... the St.
Michel Brut Champagne, made in the
linger Lake districts and only $2.49 the
bottle—a discovery for those who want
satisfying Champagne at low cost... Our
New England friends, S. S. Pierce Co..
have been sending us the best in Gin and
Vodka (Both at only $3.69) ... one of
my favorite rums continues to be Barban-
court from Haiti...an interesting
thought for Thanksgiving sulmer’s
Hard Cider from England (only 97¢) ..

the remarkable Framboise and Kirsch of

Alfred Hess—the best of all europe.

are upon us...
if any of your friends shall be departing
for warmer climates on a boat cruise this
winter, don’t miss sending them at least
one bottle of iced Champagne in the gay
“Te Can-Can.— the trip gets ol to a
friendly start when this colorful cooler,
filled to the brim with ice and Champagne,

arrives in the stateroom with your good

wishes even before the boat takes off...

 

 

OO

The Belle

Precious ax
few bottles exist Wp
in the world! —~

 
 
   
  
 

   

$265... =
The Case

 

 

   

One of the great
discoveries of my last year’s trip to Eu-
rope was the Pear Brandy of Switzerland.
[ fell in love with the clean, fruity flavor
also intrigued by the fact that a giant
pear sits quietly in the center of the bot-
tle, adding its eye appeal to the fabulous
pear flavor. Incidentally, this feat is ac-
complished by putting a bottle around the
pear bud in the Spring, the pear keeps
srowing and growing, until it almost fills
the bottle —
preserving the pear practically forever
into the future. The entire crop yielded
only 218 bottles of this unique Pear

the pear brandy is added,

Brandy and I strongly suggest that you
reserve some for the most astonishing of
Christmas gifts, or for your own holiday
pleasure—$14.95—due Dec. 15th.

The requests for
Christmas catalogs have started to pour
in. Ours will reach you during late No-
vember, but there is no need to wait. The
brochure you are now reading is suth-
ciently complete for almost anyone on
your list. Simply mail us your gift list,
the selection for each individual, the gift
cards, and leave all details to us. It will
be delivered on the date indicated and in
the fashion you desire. (If you prefer, we
will supply the gift cards and fill them
out for you.) This brochure surely pro-
vides all that is required for comfortable

armchair Christmas shopping. . .

 
 
 

 

  
