Native
eSsive,
Of the
‘Nticity
\g,
Cellarg
€ Ages,

Drouhin
Ong the
al now
t prices
r if you

tom the
d as his
of wine
tds and
pointed
onfrerie

savings
or Case

8.00
8,79

9.75
9.75
16.79

19,00
16,75
19.15
22.00

23.00

Savings
per Cas?

7.30
9,05

42.25
44.75
16.79
46.75

39,00

 

A ee Se
CS Appratcaly tell 9G Vintage

RF
A

a =<

: Pfs

——

One of the most experienced, erudite and reliable is Fritz Hallgarten, perhaps England’s
leading authority, lecturer and writer on the subject of German wines. His book, co-authored
with André Simon, ‘‘The Great Wines of Germany,” has recently appeared and is now part of
every important wine library. Each of the ’64s listed below has been tasted by Fritz Hallgarten
and three other members of his family. This pleasant task is done individually and separately

TL;

and then they meet and compare notes. Th

bility of subjective error.

Rather than venture our opinion, we thought

is method reduces to a minimum the possi-

it might prove more interesting and informative

to you if we simply interviewed Mr. Hallgarten. The notes of the hier tee appear below:

AARON: We have been receiving conflicting re-
ports of the 1964 vintage in Germany. You have
been there as recently as early May. What is your
opinion, now that all the facts are in?

HALLGARTEN: There is no doubt that 1964 is the
best vintage since 1959. In fact, it is the most
elegant vintage since 1953. The wines show tre-
mendous style and charm, are less high in alcohol
than ’59s, and their magnificent bouquet and finesse
is already very much in evidence. They are the
ideal table wines for now and for years to come.

AARON: Was 1964 excellent everywhere in Ger-
many, or did it vary from district to district?

HALLGARTEN: In the forefront, I would single out
the Saar and Ruwer wines. As you know from your
experience with the ’53s and ’59s, these wines can
be the most magnificent in Germany when the year
is great. Here I want to emphasize that never have
I seen wines of this extraordinary quality. The wines
of Scharzhofberg, Eitelsbacher and Maximin Gruen-
hauser, for example, are not just simply very fine,
but fantastically so. The Moselles show their very
ripe flavor that they get in sunny years. The Rhines
are round and full-flavored without being over-
whelming, particularly for the American taste, as
some of them were in 1959. But everywhere the
Riesling grape has developed a bouquet, finesse and
elegance which one can only call delightful.

AARON: The German wine auctions, an annual
Spring event, are now taking place. They attract
buyers from all over the world. Is that where you
make your purchases?

HALLGARTEN: No, not at all — they do not attract
the serious trade. By that time it’s too late for some
Estates and the best casks are gone. I do not like to
be the pathfinder for others. I know some people,
as long as I visited the auctions, like to see if I was
buying and therefore like the wine, and then joined
in the bidding. Thanks to long established connec-
tions, I have an early choice on the growers’ stock.
You see, the making of fine German wines is differ-
ent from the French method. In Germany, each
day’s picking is vinified apart and sold apart.

AARON: We all know that there are individual
variations from barrel to barrel among German
wines, even though the label on the bottle might
be identical. Does it necessarily follow that the best
barrel always costs the most?

HALLGARTEN: This is not always true. I fly from
London to Germany almost weekly and I taste very
early in the game before the wine growers them-
selves know what they have. After 40 years of tast-
ing new vintages, I can judge, with a high degree
of accuracy, how a new wine will turn out. It may
sound immodest, but I also know that many growers
along the Rhine and Moselle actually wait for my

visit, and then, based on my findings, classify the
barrels in their cellars as to quality. Naturally, my
firm reserves are fixed first, before this classifica-
tion, and some bargaining is always necessary. But
the growers are life-long friends of mine and I gen-
erally do very well.

AARON: Are you implying that your selection of
1964s generally represent the best of each class
within each cellar?

HALLGARTEN: After all these years, I genuinely
believe this is so. Remember, that every wine on
your list is Original-Abfullung, or estate-bottled,
and, in every case, there is a specific Fuder from
that Domaine generally bearing its own identifica-
tion number on the label as well as on the cask.
I can honestly say that you have hand-picked wines
of the 1964 vintage that no other shop in America
can offer, simply because each Fuder is reserved
for you and therefore for your clients. In effect, I
am saying that each of these wines is best within
its class and price range.

AARON: Everyone is now laying down the 1964
red wines. What about white wines? How long do
you think these 1964 Rhines and Moselles will keep?

HALLGARTEN: All of these, blessed with good
balance and fruit acidity, are proving to be fine
table wines and thirst quenchers right now. It is
a delight to watch the reaction of wine drinkers as
they taste these wines. However, the estate-bottled
Spaetlese and Auslese, as good as they are now,
will gradually reach the top of their form in 5 to 7
years and are assured of a life of at least 10. People
generally think they should only lay down red
wines. In this instance, I can only advise any ear-
nest lover of wine to put away some 1964 Rhine and
Moselle, enjoy them as they develop and there will
be further tasting rewards with the passage of time.

AARON: We know that the prices of the 1964
clarets generally go up from year to year. Would
this apply at all to German wines?

HALLGARTEN: Based on my half century of ex-
perience, now is the time for the wine drinker to
move and move quickly. Why? 1964 was not only
good, but a year of great abundance and it is for
this reason that the ’64s (much better and finer than
’61s, ’62s or ’63s) did not cost more at opening
prices than did these vastly inferior vintages. What
is as certain, as the prediction of an eclipse, is that
the prices will march up steadily after the tradi-
tional German wine auctions. Everyone, every-
where, will quickly recognize the superb qualities
of this great year and as the supply of the good ones
dwindle, the prices will go up. I strongly suspect
that the wholesale price of two years hence, will be
higher than the price you are reserving for your
wine customers today. NOW—I REPEAT — NOW,
IS THE TIME TO RESERVE.

SHERRY WINE & SPIRITS ©°:'5¢

679 MADISON AVENUE

® Ie ee We a ae ee a Oe a

 
