   
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
   
 
 
 
  
   
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
     

Daumier’s mind—may be called the nature that birthed an im-
mortal The Legislative Body. An equally strange, inexplicable
concord of sun, soil, geography, mutable weather and the irre-
ducible character of the grape itself forms the nature that births
a mortal Chambertin. A fine print, even more apparently than a
fine painting, is also the consequence of art—of many cunning,
often laborious actions of the hand, or several hands, wielding
delicate tools on sensitive surfaces. And a fine wine is no less the
flower of art—of a traditional series of processes; vintaging,
pressing, chemical analysis, temperature control, racking, fining,

bottling, aging...

Any reader of Mr. Wechslet’s notes that accompany, in the orig-
inal edition, his selected procession of great engravings, absorbs
the impression that the enjoyment of a fine print is a curiously
deliberative, even ruminative process. So too, with the ingestion
of fine wine; the buccal, olfactory and palatal senses quietly
reflect, as it were, until the complex qualities of the wine are
first discriminated and at last synthesized. When this point is

reached, the wine, like the print, “has the most to say.”

The Persian poet Hafiz once wrote “On turnpikes of wonder
wine leads the mind forth.” So it is with the products of any fine
art. Their pleasures are non-terminating, the mind and the imagi-
nation will never quite have done with them. That still uncorked
bottle, even if it bear the most familiar of labels, bears also the
promise of a new experience—some unexpected small curve or
undulation on the turnpike of wonder. I have recently read the
delightful memoir by Joseph Wechsberg, and I found this;
“With wines I feel as with women and Chinese politics... in
the beginning one thinks one knows all about them, but gradu-
ally, as one begins to learn, one’s knowledge diminishes.” This
is true of women, as I can ruefully attest, but one should add
that as with women (I cannot speak for Chinese politics ) one’s

enjoyment of wine increases as one’s dogmatism attenuates.

On the subject of wine I need hardly dwell, for readers of this
catalog need no further illumination. They belong to a group
that probably represents about as far upwards as we have gone
in our ascent from the simians. Wine-drinkers are humane, tol-
erant, witty, sociable, elegant, learned and probably even fairly
good-looking. For me to tell you anything about wine and wine-

drinking would be the merest impertinence.

Furthermore, any customer of Sam Aaron, Joseph Stricks and
Michael Aaron is bound to be a knowledgeable and discrimi-
nating oenophile. Why? Because Sherry-Lehmann is not merely
a store located at 679 Madison Avenue—it is a kifd of school,
an academy presided over by a benignant faculty of instructors
and boasting an extensive library of thousands of life-giving
classics, bound in glass and interestingly titled. I have attended
this school ever since it first opened its doors in 1934. Its erudite
colleagues have, for almost four decades, been teaching me about
wine—and therefore about life, of which wine, if properly
understood, should form a considerable part. It is a fortunate
thing for me that this Summer the issuance of this super-catalog
gives me the chance to thank them, in print, for what, as wine

merchants and friends, they have done for me.

For, make no mistake, a wine merchant, if he is a good one, 1s in
a class by himself. He does not deal in glittering gewgaws like
a fashionable jeweler, or in mere dull necessities like a grocer.
He deals, like Plato, in essences. He sells you not an object, but a
mysterious substance akin to an idea which has the power to

enhance your life, however slightly.

To my good friends at 679 Madison Avenue, and to all good

wine drinkers everywhere—a superb bottle and a joyous, care-

free Summer!

has long
been beloved by
appreciative
Americans during his
rewarding career as
editor, essayist, radio
and television
personality,
anthologist, and
author. His mind is
one of the most
diverting as well as
the most penetrating
now at large in the
area of comment on
our life and letters.

 
