PARK & TILFORD PRIVATE STOCK 5.25
Park & Tilford’s Private Stock Whiskey enjoys
high reputation among discriminating drinkers.
Available to you at no extra cost in this rich
“Book Bottle.”

I. W. HARPER 6.59
One of America’s most popular Bonded Bourbons
in an interesting Decanter at no extra cost.

OLD FORESTER
Another distinguished Bonded Bourbon. In a

tall, ultra modern Decanter.

OLD FITZGERALD Son ka 5.97
Bonded Old Fitzgerald in the “Twin Candlelight’

Decanter. Has many decorative after-uses.

* Where Christmas Shopping Is A Joy x

because you will like browsing among the seemingly

KENTUCKY TAVERN (Quart) ..........8.17

A Ship’s Decanter holding a full quart of Ken-
tucky Tavern Bonded Bourbon. No extra charge
for this impressive bottle.

endless variety of gifts... where there is always time to
discuss your choice, to advise, in an unhurried atmosphere
. .. where you will discover that the prices are the lowest
in town... where gift wrappings reflect individuality,
good taste and imagination... where delivery service
is reliable and unique... where, in short, Christmas
shopping is a joy.

epliea of
) Century

SCHENLEY RESERVE 2 goa e

Promises to be one of America’s most popular
Decanters during this holiday season.

CALVERT RESERVE: 0.2.3 S450
This popular blend introduces the luxury ‘Jewel

Decanter” fifth. |

Gift “68”. Cherry Heering from

Denmark in elegant carafe made of Fortnum & Mason 99

Royal Copenhagen porcelain. have shipped us COMPLETE $5
Complete 13.95 only 240 bottles.

FOUR ROSES .... Wah eae

Four Roses, one of America’s most popular
whiskies, in a contemporary style Decanter.

Gift “69” a
This bottle is a replica in Royal Doulton
Stoneware of a 1700 A.D. Sherry De-
canter. The original is in a wine crypt
of Fortnum & Mason, London. This his-
toric bottle contains the Royal Solera
Golden Sherry, an aged wine of distinc-
tive mellowness, flavor and richness.

LORD CALVERT 5.10

Lord Calvert features a new fluted Decanter.
Costs no more than the regular bottle.

SEAGRAM SEVEN CROWN ....... 4.50
This year marks the first time that Seagram
Seven Crown has appeared in a Decanter. Note
its simple graceful lines.

Page Eleven

 
