Presenting

Fibre-Glass Insulated PRE
Keeps contents cold for

hours. Holds 300 ice cubes.
Finest coated steel.

Heavy rope handle
for easy carrying.
Many Uses

Indoor parties.
Chilling wine.

Auto trips and picnics.

Decorative object. The Drum That Keeps Things Cold

HE DRUM COOLER, a choice bit of Americana, captures
with remarkable fidelity the essential features of the early Amer-
ican infantry snare drum — the colors, the American eagle hold-
ing the shield beneath a sunburst, and the banderole where the
regimental designation usually appeared. After long research
and careful adaptation, the ‘Drum Cooler’ that you see pictured
here was finally born. It is the creation of Petra Cabot, the famous designer who
originated the popular Skotch Kooler, beloved throughout the country.

The decorative possibilities in the home are endless — and are limited only by
one’s imagination and ingenuity. Functionally, it is the most versatile of ice
buckets — it holds 300 ice cubes for many hours; can chill white wines twice as
fast; a perfect storage container for bottles androther objects; a useful compan-
ion for the auto or weekend trip. And, best of all, it adds its own individual charm

to almost any room in the house.
Your selection of wines and spirits
will become a unique, doubly excit-
ing gift if sent in this sturdy, hand-
some ‘Drum Cooler.’ Simply pick
: any assortment : oe es 1n our
Pick ANY 3 shop and add ¢ $4.95 for the
‘Drum Cooler’ (retail “regularly at

Here is a Yuletide gift of Ii agree em Canr ce Deo, a LO) IW Bottles cela

individuality and distinc-
; Mr. Tilford Whiskey Blend in Musical Lantern

tion — eight well chosen

bottles beautifully pre- a snes netns lied : ; bi Ste d A nN O He O

‘ented in the “DRUM : arv oes oe ee Sherry 3.42 ),

COOLER” (4.93), a2 eter Dawson Special Scotch ; ae | | O : ~

choice collection that is Heidsieck Dry Monopole Brut 1947 Champagne ie Ise ds eS) oe,

certain to win a most en- Hennessy V.S.O0.P. Cognac Z a 5495

ee reception. Con- Grand Marnier Liqueur } dd ( yn ly for 99 oa M2 Li @ ils ra
Fortnum & Mason’s Supreme Tawny Port 3.4 ‘wea C 1) ru mM @ a Ol cr ine § fa I I ahs 7

TModisers NewYork
Complete with °5 6K ) (at fodi son cw: oF
DRUM COOLER WEN elo nS TF00

COPYRIGHT 1956
SHERRY WINE & SPIRITS CO., INC.

 
