WS ewre@enae«ardads.-..... Dr Bale

 

wy

>

GDuatstasewaedcdtlevpvead

a w- ap wee

WW grees

Maree

 

 

 

 

CLIFTON FADIMAN comments on the wine article written for
House Beautiful by our associate, Sam Aaron, who is President
of Sherry Wine & Spirits Co., Inc. The article in its entirety
appears below through the courtesy of House Beautiful.

‘Mr. Aaron has written a wine feature for HOUSE
BEAUTIFUL, a circumstance tending to make more pos-
sible the Life Satisfying. His article, here reprinted from
that excellent publication, not only supplies positive infor-
mation of rare utility, but is a splendid example of salutary
destructiveness. His five “Rules to Ignore” go to the heart

How to build

a“ Library”of Wine
for $100

or $250 or $500

5"“RULES” TO IGNORE

Feel free to ignore the following “rules” that have
kept us a nation of coffee drinkers for so long:

1 The wine cellar must be kept at 55°F. No! This

is a theoretical concept, like the chairs designed for
the “average man” in which nobody can sit comfortably.
Your “library” of wine should never be exposed to tem-
peratures of less than 40°F. or more than 80°F. If you
keep it within those limits, the wine will not spoil. It will
mature more quickly if it is kept in warm surroundings,
but unless you intend to keep it over several years this
need not trouble you.

2 The older the wine, the better. Try drinking wine

that is brought to the surface from those sunken
galleys you’ve heard about. The centuries have congealed
it into solid, inky blocks. Most (Please turn to page 266)

 
  

of the matter. Those of us who have been bewildered by
the abracadabra of temperature, aging, decanting, vintage
years and wine-glasses need no longer remain in a state of
befuddled intimidation. Not that Mr. Aaron is a hearty,
back-slapping, common man of Wine. He is an expert. He
knows all about the rituals, nuances, the minutiae of the
art of wine-drinking. But he has reduced them to common
sense. He not only tells us precisely how to go about
building a “library” of wine for non-astronomical sums
of money, but how to get the most enjoyment out of our
collection, minus fuss, anxiety and timewasting.”

By SAM AARON

@ Thirty years ago the United States was still “dry.”
Twenty years ago our international reputation as drinkers
was based primarily upon the consumption of an impressive
array of ingenious cocktails that involved gin, applejack,
fruit juices, syrups, sweet cream, and liqueurs. Since then
a happy revolution has quietly taken place, and Americans
are turning toward the consumption of wine—European
and American—in ever larger numbers. Since 1950, our
population has risen at a modest annual rate of two per cent
while the consumption of table wines has averaged an in-
crease of a phenomenal ten per cent a year.

This should be a source of gratification to us all. Distilled
alcohol is pleasant stuff, to be sure. A good Bourbon or
Scotch warms the veins and sharpens the appetite. But wine
is something else. The fermented juice of the grape is one
of God’s gifts to man, frequently mentioned in the Bible,
and generally taken to be one of the surest signs of civiliza-
tion. Savages may drink; they do not, however, tend with
care and love their vines, and savor the bouquet of their
wines. Bonum vinum laetificat cor homini—“Good wine
rejoices the heart of man”—a noble saying of the noble
Romans, whose sentiment we can adopt wholeheartedly,

despite the fact that their favorite Falerian wine was mixed
with spices, honey, and ambergris, a brew which most of us
would have found a little overpowering. But fashions change.
The important change today is that thousands of American
homes are being equipped with wine cellars.

Note that by “wine cellar” I do not necessarily mean a
dark, damp cave, lined as far as the eye can see with stately
casks and dusty bottles. No, I mean that the man or woman of
the house has developed an affection for wine and some inter-
est in the subject and has decided to acquire at least 30
bottles, let us say, of good table wine, red and white, perhaps
from California, perhaps, more ambitiously, from Burgundy,
Bordeaux, and the Rhine.

Anyone who doesn’t believe that more people are doing
this need only go to any large department store. Twenty
years ago, if you wanted a wine-rack, you went to the local
carpenter and showed him how to make one. Today they can
be bought everywhere. For people are beginning to realize
that a “wine cellar” is part of a well-furnished life, like good

books, paintings, and music, something to be enjoyed and
shared with others. Many people feel that they can’t keep
wine because they haven’t a (Please turn to page 262)

 
