 

~The Mast
Beloved

 
 

The round, ruddy faced growers of the
proud wine villages in Beaujolais and
Pouilly have made a most important
discovery. Their beloved wines are con-
sumed so enthusiastically by thirsty
Frenchman that a half bottle is never
quite enough and a full bottle usually

too much. So they have devised a grace-

S
ot ful, “in-between” bottle fondly called
LIES Ta : i ( 7 “Pot” which we present in the EXCEL-

-Beaujolais
@ Pouilly

 

LENT 19602 VINTAGE.

CIASSIC
‘ 4

Bollle

“The Pouilly Fuisse and Beaujolais of the 1962 vintage, if chosen
carefully, should gladden the hearts of wine lovers everywhere
—the Pouilly Fuisses have great finesse and are full wines—
not as full as the 1959—but with a delicacy which the latter
vintage does not possess. The reds are showing the best qualities
of Beaujolais, particularly in the more famous communes such
as Moulin-A-Vent and Fleurie. They are light, fresh wines with
great fruit. The freshness of bouquet is magnificent and they
will give real pleasure during the next two years’, states Alexis
Lichine, the wine authority who selected these at the vineyard.

 

 
 
 
  
  

RED WINES

306 MOULIN-A-VENT, BURDELINES, 1962 (Estate bottled, Mousset)

   

 

8 Boutelllies av DOM
T Prope 4 ROMANECH®

This wine has perfect color, excellent bouquet, magnificent balance and superbly
exhibits the excellent character of 1962.

FLEURIE, LES MORIERS, 1962 (Estate bottled, Mousset)
From the very center, the best vineyard land of Beaujolais. Excellent balance,
and its fruit and freshness will delight for at least another two years.

WHITE WINE
POUILLY FUISSE 1962 (Estate bottled, Mathias)

A beautifully composed wine, green-gold in color, rivals in character many of
the most costly white Burgundies that are grown further north in the Cote de
Beaune.

The graceful ‘‘in-between
: bottle’? holding a generous 17
Ce ounces—not as large as the regu-
oy lar bottle, but almost 50% larger
< bo (C= (——— than the half bottle.
cy T eR 5 ae
Reig Leak ee

19 Z5 heeease i'12

ASSORT ANY 12 BOTTLES AT F975 THE CASE.

 

  
