 
   

 
 

 
  
  

   

EVER TRY THE
AUTHENTIC VODKAS
FROM RUSSIA?

Here are four intriguing ‘conversation

/
\\N

 
 
    
 

pieces’ that have won the plaudits of the

   

Vodka fanciers of Mosconv

  
 

In addition to the original and authen-

   

tic Russian bottled vodka. there is a
Russian vodka flavored with buffalo

       
      
 

grass, another with hot red peppers,

    
 

and a third with meadowland grasses

 
 

Each is top-flight within its class and

 
 

designed to cause a mild sensation even
at the most sophisticated cocktail
parties.

 
 
     
     

Curious? —- Buy a bottle for yourself

   

Looking for an unusual gift? —- Send
a bottle or two.

Four Authentic Vodkas From Russia
Will Add Interest to Your
‘Holiday Entertaining’ and ‘Gift-Giving’

      
 
  
 
    
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
   
   
  
    
  
  
   
     
  
 
  
    

TIME-LIFE BOOKS, in their ‘Foods Bottle Case
of the World’ series, has just issued
‘RUSSIAN COOKING’. The plaudits

of the gastronomic world are just STOLICHNAYA (Bottled m Moscow) .. . . 8.49 96.75
starting to come in.

From the Russian word voda which means ‘water’. No one denies Moscow’s claim that

The co-author, George Papashvily, they invented the beverage and employ it freely along with caviar and other delicacies.

was a member of the Czar’s army, Vodka’s popularity in America can be attributed to its mild character, complete dry-
ness, and relative neutrality. Its most frequent uses are in the ‘Vodka Martini’ or as a

and until recently has been the : ireq me Yodo

proud proprietor of a Russian res- happy companion to seasoned tomato juice. Here is the ‘original’, distilled and bottled

in Moscow. The name ‘Stolichnaya sounds rather like a ‘sneeze’—but in fact. it is the

tau | la. . lees aa:
rant in California. The Papash favored vodka in diplomatic circles throughout the world.

vilys have recently returned from
the U.S.S.R., eating their way

through Russia’s vast variety of :

foods and drinking vodkas in every ZUBROVKA (Flavored with Buffalo Grass) . 9.89 12.75
strength, color and flavor. Pale green in color. Flavored wrth wild Buffalo grass, the favorite food of the Zubra, or
A variety of flavorings can be Polish bison. Grown only in the marsh lands of Bielorussia on the Russian-Polish

border near Pinsk. Usually served over ice with a twist of lemon. Makes the unique

a
dded to the colorless vodka to cea Ne ee

produce an array of interesting
drinks such as: —

 

1. Add peel of a lemon. . T
Z. Bee tea bag in vodka for 2 hours. PERTSOVKA (Pepper-Flavored Vodka)... 9.89 W2.75
emove. ou eo s , Jote > Cre: seas his vodka with hot 2>d pepp aint Ss
. History reports that Peter the Great seasoned his vodka with hot red pepper. The taste
: a coc a is astonishing, for you get an immediate bite on the tongue, guaranteed to cause a sen-
4. oa 20 chery stone: and soak them sation at even the most sophisticated cocktail party. Recommended before or during
in vodka for 10 hours. the serving of Indian Curries and Mexican food. Though it may be 70 proof, we
5. Keep anise seeds in vodka for 2 hours. suspect your guests will believe it to be much stronger, judged purely by the over-
6. pe pitted dark sweet cherries whelming impact on the taste buds.
or 3 hours. Remove.
7. Put 7 blades of buffalo grass in vodka
for 4 hours then remove 6 of them. You ov :
now have ‘Zubrovka’, OKHOTNICHYA (means ‘Hunter’s Vodka’) . 9,89 12.75
As an intriguing Christmas gift, Here is a full-flavored, 90 proof spirit, flavored with the kind of grasses that one dis-
why not send along with the above covers on mountainous meadowlands. Even the scent of heather honey can be detected.
recipes a tea bag, twenty cherry To be served as an exciting, interesting accompaniment to strong cocktail food such as
’ stones, anise seeds. or a few blades saucisson, salamis, garlicky pates, and the sharpest of cheeses. A great pick up after
f : - tennis. a day of skiing, a session at the ice-skating rink, a walk in the park, or
of buffalo grass. One of the best ee fe ad
do-it-yourself” kits we can think oe 31

of.

 
