  
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 

For the last few months, wine consumers
have been sadly reading reports of severe
frost damage this past Spring which af-
fected the vineyards of Europe adversely
—particularly those of Bordeaux, Chablis
and the Loire. Enough evidence is now
in to put them all in some perspective. As
we go to press, the 1977 vintage can be
evaluated as follows.

In Bordeaux, severe Spring frosts, unusu-
ally cold temperatures, and excessive rain
in August spelled doom. However, sun
and dry weather in September prevented
a major wine catastrophe. We know the
quality will not achieve great heights, but
it can certainly prove to be a good, aver-
age useful year. Unfortunately, the harvest
yield for 1977 has been sparse with a
30% to 70% deficit from normal — with
Pomerol and St. Emilion being hit the
hardest.

Because of limited production, there has
been a drastic increase in the price of
Bordeaux following the simple laws of
supply and demand. We happily report
that our prices are based on our pre-
Spring acquisitions, thus providing our
clientele with an opportunity to antici-
pate their future wine requirements now
—before the full impact of the higher
prices is felt next year. In many instances,
our quotations to the consumer are lower
than current replacement costs in
Bordeaux. ...

Browsing through this catalogue, you will
discover such Bordeaux nuggets as Cha-
teau Beaumont 1975, Chateau du Grand
Pare 1974, Chateau Maucaillou 1973,
Chatean La Mission Haut Brion 1975.
Chateau Belgrave 1971 and the remark-
able St. Emilion — Chateau Pipeau 1970.

Another area that was hard hit by frost
was the Loire Valley. Most of the crop in
western Loire, including Muscadet, was
devastated. The production in Burgundy
fared much better and those who picked
late may produce a wine to approach the
1972 Burgundy vintage in excellence —
good and long-lasting. The harvest yield
was not affected adversely in Beaujolais
and we can expect good 1977 Beaujolais

but not up to the peak standards of the
1976 vintage. ...

Some of you may have read the November
I5th issue of NEWSWEEK that reported
In depth on the present world wine situ-
ation...the writers chosen for this im-
portant wine survey were none other than
Clifton Fadiman and our associate, Sam

Aaron. (We happily report that the new,
wonderful giant-sized paperback, WINE
BUYERS GUIDE, written by Fadiman
and Aaron, is just off the press. Rich in
color photographs, maps and useful buy-
ing information, it will prove delightful
and indispensable to the wine drinkers
seeking further information. Like their
previous best-selling volume, THE JOYS
OF WINE from which this book has been
adapted, WINE BUYERS GUIDE will
prove both entertaining and informative
to the curious wine afficionado.) ...

The famous French Champagnes have now
become rather costly — all the result of
great scarcity in relation to ever-increas-
ing demand. In light of this, it is no ordi-
nary event to be able to offer you Marcel
Brut at $7.49; Lanson Brut at $7.99: Per-
rier Jouet Brut at $8.95; and Pommery &
Greno Brut at $8.99. It would be wise in-
deed if you would acquire your holiday
supply promptly before our limited ship-
ments, complicated by the dock strike, are
all gone....

Within these pages, you will discover the
largest collection of big Magnums and
giant Double Magnums of great red Bor-

    
 

HOLIDA
WITH CHEESE
WITH MADEIRA

pee. SUES

care ENP
9 Mantecos°

Latricieres

A—Fortnum
rd PO? p96 eowneoe™

deaux available anywhere on the globe.
The search was not an easy one. The better
vineyards of Bordeaux are well repre-
sented. The years are outstanding. It is
the larger size that will give themadded
longevity, permit better maturation, and
add luster to any wine cellar or dinner
table. Can you think of a more exciting
gift to a wine lover than a magnum of
Chateau Lafite Rothschild 1970, Chateau
La Mission Haut Brion 1967, Chateau Haut
Brion 1966, or Chateau Petrus 1971?...

During the holiday season, fine old Cognac
becomes particularly meaningful to cele-
brate Christmas and to provide the most
appreciated of gifts. We happily report
that after long absence, a shipment of the
wonderful SINGLE CASK UNBLENDED
COGNAC has reached us. Here is an
estate-bottled Cognac that was produced
during a great vintage year in the most
celebrated part of the Cognac country,
“Grande Fine Champagne.” It comes di-
rectly to Sherry-Lehmann from the heart
of the Cognac country. The grapes were
grown on Monsieur Ragnaud’s own hill.
side acres during a great vintage year. You
will find that it is authoritative, rich, en-
dowed with superb bouquet and utterly
remarkable to the palate. Quantity limited.
Suggest ordering promptly ($32.95 bottle).

For Your Information

Wine bottles listed in this catalog con-
tain at least 24 oz., with the exception
of German wines which contain at
least 23 oz. Half-Bottles contain at
least 12 oz.; Magnums contain at least
48 oz. Bottles of spirits contain 25.6

oz. (4/5 quart); Quarts contain 32 oz.
Exceptions are indicated.

Prices consistent with New York State
Liquor Authority regulations and sub-
ject to change. Not responsible for
typographical errors. All offerings
subject to prior sale.

 

y DINNER

G \ iy
MPAGNE

AND CHESTNUT CHA
SAUERKRAUT
o

RIED WHIPPE

RESSO

 

 

  
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
