    

jolas

ave 4

las

1966
olved
ceed

» 1 10
hin es
ed al
storie

   

 

 

By Our Associates Sam Aaron
and Joseph Stricks

Written en route during their Spring

wisit to the

vineyards

of Bordeaux,

Burgundy, Beaujolais & California

equal the 66 or ’64 but will live up to the
level of the ’62s”. If we had to give tips on
what to buy among the Chateau-bottled
clarets, we would advise: “there are good
values for present drinking in the excellent
60s which have been wrongly overlooked
up to now—we would advise laying down
the ’6ls if you can get them; or the
outstanding ’66s and ’64s for laying down
before prices skyrocket—don’t overlook
the ’62s; they have not yet become overly
expensive”.

We enjoyed the gracious hospitality of
Georges Hereil, President of Simca, at his
vineyard, Chateau Greysac, beautifully
located at the top of the Medoc peninsula
not far from where the Gironde meets the
Atlantic Ocean. We were impressed by
the vineyard and its striving for quality
and Mr. Chardon, the wine-maker—and
the balanced excellence of the 1964
vintage. We think you will like it and the
price is modest enough.

LONDON AND OXFORD

WE were lucky to be able to obtain a room
at the Hotel Connaught, because only
3 flights down was the dining room—we
believe the best eating place in London.
We also enjoyed pleasant dining at the
Guinea Grill and the White Tower, both
creative cuisines.

Particularly outstanding was the ex-
cellent Mousse de Paté and Escalope de
Veau, Sauce au Vermouth de Chambéry,
served to us by Gerald Asher at his private
dining room in the City of London.
However, perhaps, the best dinner we
had in all of London was in the private
dining room of the House of Commons.
As the privileged guests of honor, we were

ever-growing and advanced knowledge of

 

   

joined by Elizabeth David, the British
food writer; Hugh Johnson, new editor of
Queen magazine and wine authority ;
Harry Waugh, author of several classic
books on wine; Professor R. E. Alton,
Oxford Elizabethan scholar; Professor
Frederick Hoyle, Cambridge  astro-
physicist; and many others whose common
bond was an appreciation of good food
and wine. The hosts were the gracious
Ernest Marples and his wife, Ruth, a
lovely couple who do not permit their
active political life to interfere with their

    
     

  

matters gastronomical. Overlooking the
Thames, we were all beautifully served
Scotch Salmon with Bollinger Champagne;
Double Consomme with 1875 Vintage
Madeira; rack of lamb with Mr. Marple’s
Fleurie; Cheeses of Britain with Chateau
La Mission Haut Brion and Chateau Haut
Brion; Raspberry Sorbet with Chateau
d’Yquem 1945, and 1875 vintage Cognac
accompanied the coffee. It was the best of
France combining with the best of
England and it provided an evening of
inspired conversation, pleasant com-
panionship, and a highlight in gracious
dining.

Oxford is only an hour by train. A deep
sense of awe and history develop almost
immediately as one visits the colleges, the
museum and the library. There is respect
here for tradition, books and fine wine.
A wine-tasting took place that evening at
St. Edmund Hall, the oldest college in the
university. Our associate, Sam Aaron, read
a paper to the dons, fellows and students.
It was entitled “Science, Wine and
Pleasure’. It was received with interest.
(Editors note: Should any of you want a copy
of the paper, kindly write and it will be mailed
to you immediately). The evening ended in
traditional Oxford fashion, a dinner in a
13th-Century library where the decanters
were passed 3 times to make sure everyone
had enjoyed his full share.

CALIFORNIA

Reports had reached us that the better
vineyards of California are presently pro-
ducing markedly better red and white
wines than they did five years ago. Rather
than rely on hearsay, we decided to see for
ourselves; thus we tasted our way through
the better vineyards of Napa, Sonoma,
Livermore and Santa Clara. We were
amazed by the vast recent plantings
of the noble grape varieties such as
Pinot Chardonnay, Johannisberg Riesling,
Cabernet Sauvignon, Pinot Noir, Gewurz-
traminer and Sauvignon Blanc—the more
shy-yielding grapes that produce in Europe
the great Bordeaux, Burgundies and
Rhines.

We conducted comparative tastings,
with the growers present, and the con-
versation was reminiscent of the pleasant
verbal arguments that take place in
Bordeaux as the owners of Chateau Haut
Brion, Chateau Margaux and Chateau
Petrus taste and compare their wines of
the same vintage year. The conversation
was as informative, as dedicated, and as
meaningful. The Pinot Chardonnays which
we compared, of Almaden, Beaulieu,
Robert Mondavi and Wente all possessed
breed, freshness, and sufficient dryness and
acidity to put them in the league of the
good white Burgundies.

It was clear that the best red grape
variety grown in California is the Cabernet
Sauvignon. It reaches great heights at
Beaulieu, Charles Krug, Louis Martini
and Almaden. One fact became clear. It
takes longer for the Cabernet grape to
reach maturity, grown in Californian soil,
than in Bordeaux. All of our excellent red
wines are therefore being consumed much
too young. Californians are paying $5.00
a bottle for Cabernet Sauvignon for two
or three years of mature bottle age. Our
advice to you, therefore, is to lay down
your California red wine. Buy it and don’t
touch it for two years. You will be
astonished at how excellent a wine you
will get when you finally pull the cork.
We know of no better wine investment.
(Almaden’s current Cabernet Sauvignon can be
acquired for $22.14 the case. Lay it away and
you will have a $50 wine in short order).

Since we have just returned from
California, and we are now going to press,
there is not sufficient time to give you a
report in detail. We are now preparing a
brochure called ‘“‘Wine From This Native
Soil”. It should be completed by July.

Page 5
