      
       
     
      
      
        
      
        
      
       
        
     
        
       
    

®

The a nderel la
Story

O f h OW a V 1 n 1 a = Cc Quietly, and ce the minimum of publicity,

the perfect 1962 Clarets have finally won
deserved recognition among the world’s wine-
fi n a | | 2 W O n os lovers. They never enjoyed the drum-beating

and frenzied publicity of the ’59s, ’61s, or
RECOGNITION,

  
  
  
   

 
 
  

°64s. But in their own way, like a Cinderella
tale, like the ugly duckling turned swan, they
have something to offer us. For 1962, in
Bordeaux, is the kind of wine that knowledge-
able amateurs and professionals would never
overlook in stocking their cellars.

The evidence is now clear; the ’62 Clarets are
early-maturing, evidently excellent, and pos-
sibly the equal of the ’55s in quality. We can
expect to enjoy them immediately because of
their fruit and balance. The prices will
surely go up, and substantially, before the
snows of next winter descend on us. Our
advice is simple—by all means acquire them

Vintage 1962 Z eae

CLARETS OF THE 1962 VINTAGE SALE PRICE
No. Bottle Case
521 CHATEAU BELLEVUE (Bordeaux Superieur) ; ; : : . 1 See

Not bottled at the Chateau, but the proud product of a good small vineyard. Sensational value.

522 CHATEAU HANTEILLAN (Haut Medoc) . : Sa. ee 21.50

This is the very wine that was selected by ‘Air France’ in a blind tasting and is served enthusiastically on many of the Air France European flights.

170 CHATEAU LAVALLADE (St. Emilion) ‘ ; ee 23.65

Sturdy, warm generous—a superb red wine to drink. A 1962 St. Emilion of true distinction being offered at an astonishingly low price.

  

830 CHATEAU SIMARD (St. Emilion) ; : : ; ; i ; : ; ; : : 2.79 30.15

Warm, generous, round, the kind of wine that is pleasing while still relatively young.

ce CAT RAU GAGPELIERE.NAUDES (St. Bmilim) = is a ee

Many wine authorities believe that this vineyard is surpassed in St. Emilion only by Chateau Cheval Blanc. Outstanding.

i erat) GRAND PUY LAGOSTE (ull) ee ae. ee

Another wine that is featured on the flights of Air France. Full-bodied, typical of Pauillac, excellent.

449 CHATEAU MONTROSE (St. Estephe) tee clr te ea ee ee ee

: aeons 08 Growth, 1855 Medoc classification. A hard, slow-to-mature wine which reached height of quality in 1962. Similar in characteristics to Chateau Latour. A favorite in
ngland.

See ees CROVILEE LASGASHS (St Julien): gk eee Oe ee eee

One of our favorite Clarets—particularly since 1959 when Dr. Peynaud, head of the Wine Department of the University of Bordeaux, directed the production.

103 CHATEAU LASCOMBES (Margaux)... oa, ee ae

Alexis Lichine is proud of the wine that he produced here in 1962. The world must have recognized this because it is among the most difficult of all Clarets to obtain. Great finesse
with a bouquet that is described as ‘reminiscent of violets’.

a, Se ee ee SPE CeRe, (9C Hiteiey 4 SI a ee eee
Like Chateau Montrose above, this St. Estephe is hard and slow to develop in a concentrated year such as 1961. However, in 1962, a superb balance was achieved.

sue GUESTEAU 2A MISSION HAUT BRION (Graves) . 0 5s ww
This great Graves is in the ‘Grand Class’. It is no ordinary event to be able to obtain such stature, breed and harmony for $4.99.

147 CHATEAU PETRUS (Pomerol) . sh en GO ee

Achieves more pronounced velvetiness and fruit than any other Claret whether produced in Medoc, Graves or St. Emilion. Because there are only 16 acres in total, it is the most
difficult of all of the 1st Growths to obtain. A rarity. Truly magnificent.

202 CHATEAU MOUTON ROTHSCHILD (Pauillac) SP Aaa fs a ee ee
Small production—full-bodied—fleshy—rich. The biggest of all of the wines of the Medoc—long-lasting and the proud property of the Baron Philippe de Rothschild.
213 CHATEAU LATOUR (Pauillac) . eae Os eee eee

      
           
     
     
   

Until recently, about 85% of Chateau Latour was planted with the Cabernet Sauvignon grape. This partially accounts for its bigness, deep color, slow maturization and long life.
Even its 1870 is still good today.

115 CHATEAU LAFITE ROTHSCHILD (Pauillac) . eee ae

1n 1858, Baron James de Rothschild bought Lafite for five million francs. It is a pride of the Rothschild family and the present Baron Eli spares no expense in seeing that the quality,
distinction and elegance of the Lafite wines are maintained.

162 CHATEAU HAUT BRION (Graves) . SA as I Or eae

Owned by the Clarence Dillon family, Chateau Haut Brion has achieved a supreme position under the loving care of its director, Seymour Weller. Great power combines with unique
subtlety here.

Page 22
