          
   
  
    
    
   
     
 
     
  
     
  
   
  
   
  
    
   
      
        
         

 

Boe ee +4 bh >>> AAD

EE IVS wVEDKE.. 9

eis, WY SSa2L—]-

 

SALE PRICE

No. Bottle Case
1702 BACK BAY GIN (S.S. Pierce Co.) ..... . . 3.49 40.95

 
   
       
    
 

 

BACK BAY

DRY GIN

DISTHALD FROM
100%. GRAIN NECTRAL SPIRITS
INME BESTE NGUSH TRADITION

S.S. Pierce Co. has now been on the New England scene for 130 years. Here is their impeccable Gin,
at full 90 proof—clean, bone dry and relatively bland—distilled to add distinction to your Martinis
and summer drinks. The “Back Bay Gin” is in the very best American tradition, symbolizing the
Boston of by-gone era... the elegance of carriage days. This gin was extraordinary fine value at $3.69.

40 PROOT

 
 

to- ane Available in FULL QUARTS AT $4.29 EACH, $49.95 THE CASE.
ut reo
art
of
tes
. i755. BACK BAY VODKA (SS. Plewe Co, % ee a ek ee
M- The traditional firm of S.S. Pierce Co. is justly proud of this perfectly made Vodka. We honestly believe it is quite the equal of many Vodkas
)K- that sell for $1.00 more the bottle. For those who are economy-minded, we suggest added saving with FULL QUARTS AT $4.29 EACH,
OF $49.75 THE CASE.
ed
ge
ya 1726 FORTNUM & MASON’S LONDON DRY GIN (England) .......... . 479 £455.95
Fortnum & Mason proudly carry the Royal Warrant as Provision purveyors to Her Majesty, Queen Elizabeth II. They have been catering to
‘m- the good taste of England for over 250 years and through twelve reigns. We only mention this, because the heritage of this imported gin is
1er beyond question, and the skill of the makers is superb. Save about 70¢ the bottle against the usual imported Gin.
xh-
gh
fa-
nic
in.
on- : - 1717 WILLIAM HOGARTH GIN (Gin Lane, England) 4.99 58.50
let | MWehlam Hearth
at” | - Fittingly enough, perhaps the most famous engraving of William Hogarth is “Gin Lane” and it cele-
- brates, if that is the right word, the popularity of Gin in England. Here is a supreme example of fine
a London Gin that perhaps would have even delighted a demanding personality such as William Hogarth.
ng-
OF
yur
yil-
= 1767 FREDERICK CHOPIN VODKA (Poland) ... . 5.69 66.00
nh
en Vodka (which means “little water”) is generally thought of as a purely Russian drink. In fact, it extends
we throughout eastern Europe and Polish Vodka has long been recognized as the finest and purest of of } Ah
cly Vodkas. It has in it something of Chopin’s own fire and brilliance—all the dashing exuberance and Tdeuch a
dF power of the Slav soul, just as Chopin’s music is the outgrowth of the Polish culture in which he was born.
th Frederick Chopin represented, like Byron, the European romantic movement and he spent much of his
as life in western Europe. This Vodka was made in Poland, and, like Chopin, travelled to England where
he it was bottled at 100 proof by an impeccable London distiller. Its normal price is $5.99 and would repre-
1er sent good value even when compared to an American Vodka of the same proof. But at the introductory
Ca. sale price of $5.69, it represents an irresistible opportunity to combine your allegiance to music with
your sense of taste.
he
iC.
. FROM ITALY-—A Remarkable New Taste Sensation
95,

er. EXPRESSO COFFEE LIQUEUR

Par

$°789 7 : : : ; eae
j Do you like Caffe Expresso? If so, this extraordinary new dry demi-tasse for a richer flavor, pour over ice cubes mixed wit
, Bottle liqueur, with its aromatic, pungent, delicate taste will add infinite Vodka, blend with Cognac, add it to ice cream for an exciting

$4.12 varieties of pleasures to your Spring and Summer entertaining. pew dessert. A unique way to recapture, in your own living room,

talf Bottle Serve it over cracked ice as a refreshing drink, add it to your the taste, aromas and flavor of the Coffee Houses of Rome.

   
