   
   
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
     
 

SOND READ GS EEA IEE IN PEE NEO ILEE ISD ha,

  

saloon “free lunch,” and consist of little
saucers of something edible and unlikely to
discourage thirst—almonds, olives, shrimps,
slices of scarlet smoked sausage, tiny meat
balls and occasionally such tasty morsels as
pickled octopus. They help make life bear-
able while one waits for the incredibly late
Spanish lunch and dinner.

In Seville, and especially in bullfighting
circles, an odd, special sort of Sherry called
Manzanilla is even more popular than Fino.
This is certainly one of the dryest wines on
earth, extremely pale, with a hint of almost
salty bitterness. It is very appetizing once
you get used to it. For Manzanilla, too, there
is a special glass, a small cylinder, looking
vaguely like a section of bamboo, and there-
fore called a cana or cane. Manzanilla comes
from the district of Jerez (pronounced Hair-
eth), and is produced round the little seaport
town of Sanluicar de Barrameda, from which
Magellan set sail for the Pacific.

There is still another wine, a cousin to
Sherry although it comes from the sun-baked,
chalky hilis south of Cérdoba, which the true
aficionado of dry cocktail wines will find
worth investigating. This is Montilla, from
the town of that name, which has also given
its name to one of the most famous of
Sherries, Amontillado, a fuller-bodied Sherry
than a Fino, less astringent than a Manza-
nilla, but dry. Montilla itself is not only dry
but dry dry, yet with a pleasant roundness
and a fine bouquet. Unlike Sherry, it is un-
fortified, and owes its 15 to 16 per cent of
alcohol to the special grape from which it is
made and the unfailing Andalusian sun. It is
a good apéritif, but it is also justly popular
in Malaga and Torremolinos as a wine to
serve with shellfish and in fact all seafood
and even paella.

Yet all these, of course, are not truly table
wines, and your Spaniard (except along the

against Lisbon’s harbor.

H2

VINHO VERDE. The Portuguese “green” wine that is never green, but red or

north, Cantabrian coast, where he drinks
hard cider) is a table-wine-drinking man.
What he drinks, when he can afford it, is
Riojo. This is certainly one of the most un-
appreciated wines in the world (except by
Spaniards) and it is surely one of the best—
the red, especially. You have to go fairly high
up in the hierarchy of Bordeaux before you
find better, and you will be telling the truth
if you say that you have rarely tasted any-
thing as good from California.

Such high praise, perhaps, is deserved only

by the best, but of the best there is a good
deal and it is cheap. For around $2 a bottle
on the restaurant table you can get the re-
markable “Imperial” of the C.V.N.E. (Com-
pania Vinicola del Norte de Espana), the
“Gran Reserva” of Federico Paternina, the
older bottlings of the Marqués de Riscal and
Marqties de Murrieta and the Bodegas Bil-
bainas. The good, younger and lesser wines
of the same producers cost hardly half as
much.

The name Rioja comes from the Rito Oja,
a little tributary of the Ebro, which it joins
on the edge of the Basque Country, near
Pamplona, in Northern Spain. This is high,
cold, upland country, and the bare hills north
and south of the valley are often white with
snow as late as April. The red wine is there-
fore anything but fiery and full-bodied (al-
though it has been called both by writers
unfamiliar with it) and is fine-textured,
rather light, with a faint earthy flavor and a
good deal of breed, like sound Bordeaux. The
whites are much commoner, lack bouquet
and fruit, largely because of the old-
fashioned way in which they are made.

This resemblance between Rioja and
Bordeaux is not accidental. When the Phyl-
loxera, that dreaded plague of the vine
(which devastated all the vineyards of
France and made necessary their replanting,

white, glowing in glasses and bottles

with vines grafted on American roots).
struck Bordeaux, several hundred French
families from Bordeaux moved across the
Pyrenees, into the still uninfected Ebro Val.
ley. They settled in Haro and Logrono and
in some of the oddly named villages nearby—
Elciego (which means “the blind man”) and
Cenicero (which means “ashtray” )—and
brought with them their Bordeaux methods
and their Bordeaux skill. Both, in the light
of what we know today about wine produc-
tion, could stand a little refurbishing, es-
pecially as far as white wines are concerned.
for Riojas are made today, operation for
operation, almost precisely as Bordeaux
wines were made eighty years ago.

Even on Riojas, let alone other Spanish
wines, vintage years should not be taken too
seriously. When a Spaniard wants an old
wine, he orders an old vintage, and gets
what he expects. Whether it was made before
or after World War II interests him not at all.
And when we are in Spain or drink Spanish
wine, we must perforce do as the Spaniards.

Apart from the Riojas, all Spanish table
wines would be rated as vins de pays in
France. This, of course, is by no means to say
that they are not good—only that they are
local wines, mostly consumed locally, vary-
ing widely in quality and hard for that reason
to define. The best known is perhaps Val-
depenas.

Valdepenas, truly a vin ordinaire although
a very good one, comes from the high table-
land of New Castile, south of Madrid—more
specifically from La Mancha, Don Quixote’s
country. Like almost all common table wines
that people drink regularly the world over, it
is lower in alcohol than most wines we call
“great.” Its alcoholic content is rarely above
12% per cent. The rather light-colored red
is better than the deep-golden white, again
largely because of wine-making technique.
Most is drunk up unbottled, as “open wine,”
before it is a year old.

The tidal wave of tourists which has swept
over the Costa Brava in the past ten years has
brought a measure of fame to a number of
Catalan wines which were practically un-
known a decade ago. Perelada, produced
round the castle of that name, in the Pyrenees
foothills near the Gulf of Rosas, comes in
assorted types and colors—red, white, rosé
and sparkling. It is agreeable if undistin-
guished, and is now being exported to Eng-
land, where the sparkling sort, labeled
“Spanish Champagne,” was the subject of a
celebrated lawsuit, which the French pro-
ducers won.

Just north of Barcelona is the little seaside
village of Alella, which produces a mild, soft
white wine, shipped in tall brown bottles
like Liebfraumilch, to which it bears a super-
ficial resemblance. To the southwest of Bar-
celona, behind the resort town of Sitges, is a
region called the Panadés, where many pleas-
ant dry white wines are grown. These are
pale and light, although perhaps too neutral,
and are often made sparkling. The best of
what the Catalans call “Xampan” (the spell-
ing “Champagne” being forbidden by inter-
national agreement ) comes from this district.
Codorniti and Freixenet, leading brands, are
of good quality, though somewhat sweet.

Still farther down the coast, round the
wonderfully interesting old Roman city of
Tarragona, are the Priorato vineyards, once
famous for what was known in our grand-
fathers’ days as “Tarragona Port.” Tastes
have changed, and the same vines now yield
a variety of table wines, including a passable
rosé and a fruity, full-bodied slightly sweet
red, popular in Barcelona, where it is often
drunk with soda, or made into a sangria, or

See Page H4

 

 

: ANY \\

aE

ASHES
J ay fle
Thaw

ER

$

04

rites

  
