  
  
       

1955

5 from
‘SCribed

ig now,

tht the

se of
ularly

ularly

 

We would like to see you in our
shop browsing among our vast
array of wines and spirits in per-
sont. «uta you are as comfort-
ablv relaxed as our friend above
with this ‘“Mid-Winter Sale’ Cat-

alog... we can fully understand
your pleasant desire to shop by
mail :or by «pnone.... simply

phone TE 8-7500 and our well-
informed sales staff will do all
that they can to give you the kind
of service that you would get if
you were here personally.

If you prefer shopping by mail,
just use the “convenient order
form” facing the last page. It is
self-addressed, it is prepaid, and
it will reach us the day after you
mail it. It then becomes a matter
of policy with us to process each
order the day we receive it so you
can rely on prompt delivery of
your selections very shortly after
you have mailed the enclosed
order form.

Delivery Information

MANHATTAN

Same day, upon request
Free daily deliveries in New York
City, Long Island, Westchester,
Orange and Rockland Counties
(within United Parcel Zone)
UPPERONEW YORK:'S LATE
Free deliveries on orders over
$45, otherwise add $3 Delivery
Charge

Wy Sal —-

1702 BACK BAY GIN (S.S. Pierce Co.) . . . . . . . 3.49 40.95

 

  

> RVG KS.

 
 
   
    
   
  
 
 
    
   
 
  
   
    
  
 
 
   
  
  
   
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
   
   
    
 

SALE PRICE

0. Bottle Case

.§. Pierce Co. has now been on the New England scene for 130 years. Here is their impeccable Gin,
t full 90 proof—clean, bone dry and relatively bland—distilled to add distinction to your Martinis
nd summer drinks. The “Back Bay Gin” is in the very best American tradition, symbolizing the
Boston of by-gone era... the elegance of carriage days. This gin was extraordinary fine value at $3.69.
Available in FULL QUARTS AT $4.29 EACH, $49.95 THE CASE.

BPierce Ca.)..¢ es es ee es ee 40.95

istly proud of this perfectly made Vodka. We honestly believe it is quite the equal of many Vodkas
hose who are economy-minded, we suggest added saving with FULL QUARTS AT $4.29 EACH,

BONDON DRY: GIN (Bactaml) 2... nk ek eee 55.95

4] Warrant as Provision purveyors to Her Majesty, Queen Elizabeth II. They have been catering to
lars and through twelve reigns. We only mention this, because the heritage of this imported gin is
brs is superb. Save about 70¢ the bottle against the usual imported Gin.

717 WILLIAM HOGARTH GIN (Gin Lane, England) 4.99 58.50

ittingly enough, perhaps the most famous engraving of William Hogarth is “Gin Lane” and it cele-
Fates, if that is the right word, the popularity of Gin in England. Here is a supreme example of fine
Dndon Gin that perhaps would have even delighted a demanding personality such as William Hogarth.

DDKA (Poland)... . 5.69 66.00

rally thought of as a purely Russian drink. In fact, it extends
bdka has long been recognized as the finest and purest of
ts own fire and brilliance—all the dashing exuberance and
ic is the outgrowth of the Polish culture in which he was born.

the European romantic movement and he spent much of his
ide in Poland, and, like Chopin, travelled to England where
’ London distiller. Its normal price is $5.99 and would repre-
‘American Vodka of the same proof. But at the introductory
fible opportunity to combine your allegiance to music with

 

IAL Y—-A Remarkable New Taste Sensation
ESSO COFFEE LIQUEUR

besso? If so, this extraordinary new dry demi-tasse for a richer flavor, pour over ice cubes mixed with
c, pungent, delicate taste will add infinite Vodka, blend with Cognac, add it to ice cream for an exciting
) your Spring and Summer entertaining. pew dessert. A unique way to recapture, in your own living room,

ve as a refreshing drink, add it to your the taste, aromas and flavor of the Coffee Houses of Rome.

   
