   
  
   
   
    
   
  

ful

An

500

 

 

 

JUSTICE HOLMES once said, “There is
a desire on the part of every man for the
‘Grandiose’”—and nothing appears quite as
grandiose under the Christmas tree than a
giant Magnum bottle —here are a few you
might consider...Chateau Gruaud Larose
1949 (7.99); Chateau Haut Brion 1949
(17.95); Chambolle Musigny 1952 (9.95):
Bonne Mares 1953 (7.19); Pont d’Avignon
Rouge 1955 (2.58) ; and as for the big Mag-
nums of Champagne I can point out Ayala
1952 (10.75); Marcel 1952 (9.39); Perrier
Jouet 1952 (16.15); St. Marceaux 1952
(11.50); the Mumm’s Cordon Rouge Brut
(15.50); Moet 1952 (17.71); Louis Roeder-
er Brut (14.32); and the classic Bollinger
Brat.1952 (18.42) «.:

CARIBBEAN CRUISES are upon us... if
any of your friends shall be departing for
warmer climates on a boat cruise this win-
ter don’t miss sending them at least one

LHE GAYEST OF
BON VOYAGE GIFTS

bottle of iced Champagne in the gay “Le
Can-Can”—the trip gets off to a friendly
start when this colorful cooler, filled to the
brim with ice and Champagne, arrives in

the stateroom with your good wishes even

before the boat takes off...

YOUTH IS A VIRTUE whe

n it comes to
Vin Rosé. I happily tell you about the best
pink wine I have tasted in years. The

pedi-
gree is not ordinary; it comes from a fine
Burgundian vineyard and made exclusively
from the noble Pinot Noir grape. Mr. Clair
Dau made not much more than 200 cases
and we were lucky to get some. If you share
my opinion that most Vin Rosé is nonde-
script, at least try this one, the Bourgogne
Rosé 1957, before you let the matter be
closed forever.

 
     
       

219
bottle | BOURGOGNE ROSE |
| MARSANNAY-LA-COTE |
3 {. 0 | RECOLTE 1957
| Mise en Boutcilles au De
the case

| Domaine CLAIR-DAU, Propriétire 4 Marsannay-la-Cote

  

APPELLATION BOURGOGNE CONTROLEE

OUR GLASSES WERE FILLED with
1888 Vintage Port and with good reason...
earlier this month, KENNETH DEAN, our
associate, had reached his 70th Birthday and
we could think of no wine more appropriate
to toast his good health than one made from
grapes picked during the year he was born.
Many of our clientele, as well as his associ-
ates at Sherry’s, have learned to know and

S 4% *
a8 Bee: ae

 

love him well. Many years ago, in a column
in a New York newspaper, he was referred
to as “New York’s Most Perfect Gentleman.”
His knowledge of wines and spirits is pro-
found and he has helped many an apprecia-
tive client through the problems of the
dinner party — but even more important
have been his warmth, friendliness and hu-
manity. We lift our glasses and toast Ken-
neth Dean on his 70th Birthday with the
fond wish that he remain a close, active

associate for many, many more years...

MADEIRA M’DEAR. T should be less than
kind if I do not exalt the virtues of the
19th Century Madeiras that can be found
this year, for the first time, at Sherry’s...
the years available read like a history book,
1792, 1805, 1818, 1856, and many more...

despite the unbelievable age of these rar-
ities, they are full of vigor, richness of
taste, and perfumed bouquet. A ‘single bot-
tle’ can easily serve as a more exciting gift
to an appreciative friend than a whole case
of a more available wine or spirit. Shake-
speare has often said more in a single sonnet
than many an author has expressed in doz-
ens of pages—and so, I believe, it is with one
of these Madeiras. As a matter of fact, I do
think you should also acquire at least one
bottle for your own pleasure and for your
own Christmas dinner.

I cannot refrain from commenting appre-
ciatively on the beautifully written article
by CLEMENTINE PADDLEFORD which
appeared only a few days ago in the Tues-
day, November 25th, issue of the NEW
YORK HERALD TRIBUNE.

She discusses in great detail the important
role that Madeira played in the early his-
tory of America. This was the fashionable
wine that was served in the better homes
of New York, Philadelphia, Boston and
Williamsburg. The reason for this is an
interesting one—King Charles II issued a
decree that permitted commodities des-
tined to the colonies to be carried only in
British boats that departed from an Eng-
lish port. The only exception to this was
the wines of Madeira. Sailing vessels en
route to America picked up their precious
wine cargo at Madeira to grace the tables
of the appreciative wine drinkers of the
“settlements and plantations.”

Because of this unique historical back-
ground, Miss Paddleford points out that
there are few wines that are more signifi-
cant or more meaningful at the holiday
dinner in the United States—and, as far
as I am concerned, no bottle can be quite
as exciting as a Christmas gift than one of
these collector’s items proudly bearing its
simple label indicating the year of the
vintage and the number of bottles that
exist in the world. An example of this
label, with its individual number written
in by hand, appears below.

  

ADEIRA DRANCO
Steen

ONLY 56 potmes
In EXISTENCE

This is bottle

No. 12,

       
     
  

  

Bottled and Shipped by

BIANDYS MADEIRAS [43-
Funchal — Madeira.

        

AND THERE ARE SO MANY other items

which you will find in the rest of this
booklet. But do come in and browse around
the shop and see all the Christmas fun for
yourself. In the meantime, a happy, happy
holiday season from all of us here at Sherry
Wine & Spirits Co., Inc.

JAMES BEARD

The cooking seminars of James
Beard have won the plaudits of the New
York gastronomic world. His next semester
will start some time in January. Inquiries
can be addressed to Ruth Norman, 400 E.
52nd St., PL 9-5484.

   
