   

 
   
    
   
  

 

/es—
the
doth

 

 

 

Roy

BURGUNDY
“You are asking me for my opinion of Vintage
1959. In my capacity as President of the Union des
Producteurs de Grand Vins de Bourgogne and also
as Vice-President of l'Institut National des Appel-
lations d’Origine, I can assure you that this great
wine can, with good reason, be considered as the
vintage of the century. I wish to add that this vintage
by far exceeds the famous 1929 which has remained
so famous to those who admire in a great wine the
omnipotence, the bouquet and the finesse which ac-
tually comes close to vintage 1911. Furthermore,
nature has done very well for the good of the con-
sumer since she has brought along quality and quan-
tity. I have furthermore, during my 71 years, never
seen such a beautiful harvest!”

—Henri Gouges, Grower
Nuits St. Georges, Burgundy

“Now the wines are in casks. They are well balanced,
beautifully coloured, possessing a rich body and
promising a good bouquet. Connoisseurs are unani-
mous that 1959 has every chance to be one of the
best vintages ever known, for the greatest satisfac-
tion of the most particular tasters.”

—Leon Violland
Beaune, Burgundy

“In the first place the 1959s have just been born,
certainly at the Domaine, they are infinitely attrac-
tive children in their purple swaddling clothes, with
the promise that they already hold for bouquet and
rich fruity qualities for the mature wine. But do
they not seem children right at the start of their
lives? How can we compare them with wine that
has already reached its full maturity?

In the second place, how can we predict that the
1959s will keep all their qualities on a higher level
than their elders? There is every reason to believe
that the 1959s will attain a very melodious balance,
but how can we forget the rich deep color and the
heady power of the 1957s which I consider to be
very great wines destined to a long life? How can
we forget the penetrating charm of the 1955s or the
breadth and body of the 1954s, to speak only of the
most recent ones? How can I state at this time that
the 1959s will rise above each of the previous vin-
tages especially in each of their outstanding char-
acteristics? Even if the 1959s attain a rare balance,
the other vintages will always be able to bestow on
wine drinkers such satisfactions as they would not
find elsewhere. Further, wines of these known vin-
tages offering their value, which, once the storm
has subsided, will maintain their relative position

in keeping with their maturity and their own
breeding.

I will state for you exactly my position once again
taking the classic comparison between the wine cel-
lar and the library. The 1959s have all the desired
elements to make up the choice book. They seem to
have been written by the hand of a master. I might
say almost in spite of the advance notices and the
publicity which surrounds them but this is only the
work of one master among many others which will
have to prove his worth over the years. It is certainly
not alone. In any case the books of other established
authors are irreplaceable. Each one offering the
guaranty of its own quality which cannot be found
elsewhere,”
—M. de Villaine, Proprietor
Domaine de la Romanee Conti

A BALANCED APPRAISAL

 

OF THE 1959 VINTAGE

THE “YEAR OF

We at Sherry’s sensed a miracle of na-
ture was being performed as the reports
from vineyards about the 1959 vintage
flowed in each day. As serious wine mer-
chants, we could not accept unequivo-
cally, the fantastic praise poured upon
“1959” by newspapers, radio and televi-
sion, as well as returning European trav-
elers. We resolved to get to the bottom
of it. Now, during this last week of No-
vember, we have heard from the owners
of the great vineyards of Bordeaux, Bur-
gundy, Germany and the other important
wine growing areas of Europe. This re-
port, written by James Beard and Sam
Aaron (assisted by Kenneth Dean, Jack
Aaron and Joseph Stricks), is the result
of expert testimony provided by the most
highly regarded vineyard owners of
Europe. We do consider this a most fair
appraisal as of this date, with the ultimate
decision left to the judgment of the wine
lovers of the next decade.

There is joy in France today—one
tenth of the nation deals directly or in-
directly with wines and spirits—the vin-
tage year is unquestionably great and
the wines are good. The soil on which
the vine grows is usually so poor that it
ean hardly produce any other crop—to
succeed, to have a great vintage year, the
vine requires warmth and water, in the
right proportions, with favorable timing.
Nature’s odds are against outstanding
successes, and it does not happen often.
This year, the inevitable summer rains
of northern France and Germany moved
down to the Mediterranean coast so that
the wines of the Midi, of the Rhone and
Piedmont in Italy, did not prosper —
but what glory in Burgundy, Bordeaux,
Alsace, the Rhine and Moselle and most
of the Loire Valley.

All eyes were turned to the annual auc-
tion of Burgundy wines, held each year
at the Hospice de Beaune—the highest
bid at the time the candle goes out claims
the prized barrel of wine. It took place
on Sunday, November 15th and history
was made. The quantity was the greatest
ever, the quality never surpassed, and the
prices paid were quite incredible. The

SHERRY WINE & SPIRIT

679 MADISON AVENUE

  

THE CENTURY”’

poor and needy, cared for by this charity
hospital were 174 million francs richer.
The attendance and excitement at the
auction has never been equalled before,
and the results are a forerunner of the
inevitable fact that the 1959 wines will un-
doubtedly be sought after, hard to come
by and will surely be expensive.

However, it is not enough for the earth,
the sun, and the rain to conspire to pro-
duce its finest product—man’s experience
and love in protecting it during the
process of fermentation is quite as im-
portant. Even in the finest of vintages, it
is possible to produce bad wine if man
has made a mistake. But in balance, and
after a most thorough investigation, we
are prepared to say that the devoted wine
drinker will enjoy the bounty of this
vintage and have many joyous moments
during the decade ahead.

   

3

Frankly, generalizations about a vin-
tage are never enough. A great vineyard,
because of favorable soil in an average
year will probably outclass its next door
neighbor who produced a lesser wine
during a great year. Let us examine the
major European wine growing districts
in some greater detail. We should start
with Burgundy because no other area has
been equally favored.

BURGUNDY

Here we are truly dealing with the
no such vintage has

 

year of the century:
been recorded since 1900, and we are
even told, since 1875, the last of the great
pre-phylloxera years. The 1959 was ex-
traordinary and the crop was the largest

co. INC.

e NEW YORK. N.Y.

 
