-

TARTAR on TOAST

GOUGERE a la BOURGOGNE ft

CLAM AND SHRIMP SOUFFLE (Individual)
BONED TURKEY A L’ESTRAGON, SAUCE SUPREME

PUREE OF MARRONS

BRAISED LEEKS

APRICOTS a la COGNAC
ROQUEFORT, TOMME DE SAVOIE, BRIE
MINCEMEAT CREPES FLAMBE
CAFE ESPRESSO

s

APERITIF — Louis Roederer Cristal 1953

WITH THE SOUFFLE — Piesporter Goldtropfchen Spatlese 1953
WITH THE TURKEY — Corton Charlemagne Blanc 1955

WITH THE CHEESE — Chateau Margaux 1934

COGNAC — Hine Family Reserve

CHOICE OF LIQUEURS — Framboise, Chartreuse,

Benedictine, Grand Marnier, Cherry Heering

Recently, a friend turned to me and asked, “If you were far
from home, on some remote island, what would be your fan-
tasy of the good Christmas dinner?” It was not an easy question
to answer—many things had to be taken into consideration.
particularly the fear of departure from the traditional menu. I
gave it some thought and quickly decided that it is possible to
deviate somewhat on such a festive occasion, a few variations on
the theme, and yet feel part of the main stream of Yuletide
living. Recipes for each of these dishes consume entirely too
much space to have them appear here. A postcard or a phone
call to Sherry’s will bring you detailed recipes by return mail.
I suppose I should now justify this holiday menu, give it a
‘raison d’etre’, and present some evidence that the preparation
of this menu would be fun, and not create too much anxiety

‘

for the “woman (or perhaps man) in the kitchen.” I am of the
opinion that the fewer things served before a great family meal
such as the Christmas dinner, the better—as a consequence,
our ‘before dinner appetite whetters’ are limited to two simple
ones, despite the impressive names that they bear. The Bur-
gundian Gougere, cheese flavored puffs of ‘pate a choux’ can
easily be made days in advance, then put in a freezer and
reheated on the day of the fiesta. The tiny Tartar Steaks on
toast are merely thin strips of melba toast spread with a highly
seasoned chopped raw beef mixture. These can be readied in
a few minutes and carried to the drawing room at the exact
moment that the Champagne is served.

The Clam and Shrimp in individual Soufflé, dramatic as they
seem when served, can be readied at breakfast time—which
simply means that only the egg whites have to be added and

the gay little soufflés popped into the oven just about the time

that the last bottle of Champagne is being served. At the same
moment, you can start the heat under the double boiler that
holds your sauce and the one which holds the Purée of Marron,
which comes from a can and requires only mashing and sea.-

soning with a bit of salt, plenty of butter and a touch of ginger
and pepper.

At all costs, we must not let the turkey look as though the
occasion were Thanksgiving and not Christmas. Therefore. |
offer Boned Turkey a I’Estragon because it is different. The
bones are removed from the flesh with sharp knives and it is
not difficult, and the meat is spread with butter, seasoned with
tarragon, shallots and parsley, all finely chopped—and then
the turkey is entirely rolled and tied to resemble a giant
sausage. The Turkey, now in its new delightful form, is then
roasted and served with a Sauce Supreme, the bones making
the basis for the sauce. This can be done early in the day.

The Braised Leeks are simple, but a word about the cheeses.
Make certain they are removed from the cold several hours
before they are to be served so that they are ripe and at their
peak to accompany the rich, glorious red Bordeaux. Chateau
Margaux 1934. By the way, have some good crusty bread around
for the cheese course and possibly some English water biscuits
for those who prefer the latter. And plenty of wine, remember
it is a most festive occasion. Hot mince meat, rolled in crépe,
set gaily aflame with warm Cognac, served with a touch of
Sabayon Sauce is not nearly as heavy as the classic pie, and
much more original and delightful.

The hours have gone by and everyone is ready for strong, black,
piping hot coffee accompanied only by the greatest of Cognacs

and I think nothing surpasses the Hine Family Reserve—
a Brandy of superlative bouquet and flavor that encourages
long lingering over the snifter glass and sparkling conver:
sation.

If this menu interests you, write me at Sherry’s. I will gladly
send you the step-by-step recipes. In any event, I wish you all
happy eating and drinking, and much merriment, at the most
heartwarming and _ friendliest of feasts —the CHRISTMAS

DINNER!

—_ James Beard

SHERRY

 
