Gift No. C1. A popular holiday item.
Two bottles of Chauvenet Sparkling
Burgundy in this intriguing case. No
extra charge for case. 9.78

Gift No. C3. Fine pouring basket
(2.00) holding the great Richebourg
1937 red Burgundy (6.95)—or you can
choose any other red wine in_ this
catalog and add 2.00 for pouring
basket. 8.95

Gift No. C2. Here again is a unique
Bohemian Cut Glass Decanter. This
one holds an exceptionally fine Straw-
berry Liqueur. Quantity limited. 13.95

Gift No. C4. Beautiful Gift box (no
charge for box) holding the Fine
Champagne de Luxe Cognac of Cour-
voisier. A gift for the connoisseur.

9.50

It is good to have James
Beard back at his desk in the shop
again after his six month tour of the
vineyards and restaurants of France.
During this period, he has been gather-
ing material for his new book to be
published in 1951. Mr. Beard is in the
shop each day now, and he will be
happy to see you and serve you.

Nowhere else in the world does the
Yuletide activity prevail quite as much
as in the United States. Needless to say,
I am happy indeed to be able to get
back in time to be a participant in the
festivities. Though each decade brings
many changes in our lives, the tradition
of Christmas remains the same through
the years. A pleasant part of this tra-
dition is the annual custom of drinking
an ‘Egg Nog’ or ‘Tom & Jerry’ with our
friends and family. Here are my two
favorite recipes for these time-honored

drinks.

Beat 12 egg yolks until light. Add grad-
ually 1% cups fine granulated sugar
and continue to beat until the yolks are
thick and light in color. Pour this mix-
ture into a punch bowl which has been

placed on a bed of cracked ice. Whip
in one quart heavy cream and one quart
milk and then add one quart rye or
bourbon very slowly at first, stirring
constantly. Let the punch settle for a
few minutes and lastly fold in 12 egg
whites which have been beaten until
stiff. Serve with a sprinkle of freshly
grated nutmeg on top of each portion.

Beat 12 egg yolks until thick and light
in color. Beat in gradually 12 table-
spoons fine granulated sugar and one
teaspoon grated nutmeg. Use an electric
beater for this if possible. When ready
to serve, put one heaping tablespoon
of this egg-sugar mixture into a warm
mug. Add one jigger heavy rum, and
one jigger rye, bourbon or brandy. Fill
the mug with very hot milk or water,
and serve with freshly grated nutmeg on

 
