 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

4 S Y
g HERM Tae
3 °

 

Due to the modest prices at which French wines are now selling,
resulting from the devaluation of the franc, Americans are now
drinking French wine with greater frequency than at any time since
1940. They have now learned that they can now serve a Chateau
Lafite Rothschild, an estate bottled Chablis, or a bottle of good
French Champagne without making a serious dent in the family
budget.
This reunion between American wine drinkers and French wine
should not be marred by the inferior bottle. It thus becomes a
responsibility of the serious wine merchant to avoid dubious
bargains and offer only France’s noblest and authentic products of
the vine. It was in this spirit that these listings were born. Our
search was for the best and we honestly believe that France’s best
wine endeavors can be found among these pages.

Page Eight...

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

© ne + (UTbooRS

Summer, more than any other season of the year, means
adventures in eating and drinking. There are wonderful fresh fruits
and vegetables, and many cooling potions which are specially
reserved for hot days when one sits in a shaded spot - but most of
all there is the fun of eating out of doors. Whether it be the terrace
of a city apartment or deep in the solitude of a stately forest, there
is always the same thrill and the same spirit of ‘la belle aventure’
about the entire performance.

Summer also brings in its wake unexpected, though welcome, guests
who frequently must be fed. Don't be alarmed - thanks to modern
appliances and quick freezing methods, sudden company is no longer
the problem it once was. My advice is to have several good steaks
on hand for just such an occasion. If you happen to be in the country,
simply rush the guests to the garden, place long cooling drinks in
their hands, and let them joyfully watch you prepare the steak in
your own inimitable manner. They will not heckle, but gaze with

admiration if you have mastered the manly art of outdoor cookery.

First of all, you must have a fine, juicy piece of Porterhouse or
Sirloin that is well marbled with fat and is well aged. It must be

Me ia
over one and one half inches thick - two and one half inches is even

 
