ANNOUNCING

A WINE EVENT OF IMPORTANCE!

Over Forty Superb Wines from the cellars of

FRANK SCHLOONMAKER
at SALE PRICES that cannot be ignored!

We purchased over 14,000 bottles from Frank Schoonmaker (in many instances the
last remaining stocks of the vintage) to make this sale offering possible. Savings
range up to 35%.

Each wine was carefully tasted at the European wine cellars by Frank Schoonmaker
during his recent wine buying trip. Each one was again tasted by him after its arrival
in the United States to remove any possibility of encountering a dubious bottle.

We suggest early purchase to avoid disappointment due to depletion since many of
the wines listed are limited in quantity and are irreplaceable.

Wines of such pedigree at such dramatically low price levels justify anticipating your
winter and spring needs now.

All descriptive comments about the wines are written by Frank Schoonmaker without
any change in text on our part. (Many of you are familiar with Frank Schoonmaker
through his writings, reputation as a wine authority, and through the wines that bear his
name. He is the author of ‘The Complete Wine Book,’ ‘American Wines,’ and ‘Dictionary of
Wines.’ A member of the French Wine Academy — spends much time each year in the vine-
yards of France, Germany and United States.)

oe RHONE VALLEY RED

Ne Bottle Case

wai. COTES DU RHONE ROUGE. 2... 6 es 8 es 98 11.50
Shipped by Bellicard

*If on your way from Paris to the Riviera you stop for lunch at one of the better restaurants of Avignon and ask for the best wine
of the country, this is the sort of heartwarming and cheering bottle you will get. If you are looking for a sound, moderate priced
wine to drink every day, I don’t know of any that I would recommend more highly. It’s an altogether remarkable value and
although it carries no vintage, it is actually a blend of 1949 and 1950. (Don’t overlook the half bottles — they are 62c or
$13.50 the case.)

Bottle Case

ee Hoe ig ee 24.75
Shipped by P. Jaboulet Aine (Available for delivery February 10th)

The Cote Rotie vineyards on the west bank of the Rhone river a little south of Lyon are among the steepest of France. They
consist of a series of narrow little terraces supported by stone walls and so inaccessible that most of them have to be worked by
hand since they cannot be reached by tractors or even, in many instances, by horses. It seems quite possible therefore that Cote
Rotie will disappear as a vineyard before another generation has gone by. Meanwhile, this 1945 is a magnificent and typical
example of what we ourselves can still taste and enjoy. Full bodied, rich with an unmistakable flavor all its own. (Also avail-
able in Magnums at $4.49.)

Bottle Case

CHATEAUNEUF DU PAPE, DOMAINE MONT-REDON, 1949 . . . . 2.19 24.735

Estate Bottled, Henri Plantin

The Domaine de Mont-Redon is not only the largest single vineyard of Chateauneuf du Pape, but in the opinion of most experts,
the best. It occupies an almost incredibly rocky hilltop some 15 miles north of Avignon and the great sturdy red wines which it
produces seem full of the fiery summer sunshine of southern France. (Also available in Magnums at $4.49.)

Bottle Case

HERMITAGE LES MOINES 1949 . . . - © © © © © © ee 2.29 235.20

Estate Bottled, Marius Chierpe
George Saintsbury called Hermitage the manliest of all red wines—and if you taste this extraordinary 1949 you will see why
Hermitage is sometimes ranked as the greatest of the less known red wines of France. The total production of this 1949 was less
than 20 barrels and only 50 cases were reserved for the United States.

ge~ RHONE VALLEY PINK oe ve

456 TAVELRESERVE1951... .- ee re

Bottled and shipped by Les Vignerons de Tavel

Tavel, the most famous Vin Rose of France, comes from an arid, rocky little valley between Avignon and Nimes. Like wost Vin
Rose it should be drunk young and this 1951 is full of fruit and freshness and charm. It was produced and bottled in the Co
operative Cellar of the village by an association of wine growers. (Also available in half bottles at 87c, $19.25 the case.)

*ALL DESCRIPTIVE COMMENTS ARE BY FRANK SCHOONMAKER

SHERRY WINE & SPIRITS CO., Ine.
679 MADISON AVENUE at Gist Street = TEmpleton 83-7500

 
