THE WINE AND
SPIRIT CENTER
OF NEW YORK

‘SALE SHERRY WINE & SPIRITS CO.. INC.

679 MADISON AVENUE at 61st STREET, N.Y. TEMPLETON 8-7500

SAME DAY DELIVERY—MANHATTAN***NEXT DAY DELIVERY—ALL NEW YORK CITY SUBURBS

NEWS! 34,728 BOTTLES

AT PRICES YOU CANNOT AFFORD TO IGNORE!

New York City Opens
Its First Ski Centre

Van Cortlandt Park will be the _ brilliant lighting system, that
site of the first organized skiing there will be skiing every night
area in New York City—news until 10 P.M.

that brings cheers to sportsmen,
parents, and New York’s young

February, 1963

A rental system will be pro-

in spirit.

Located in the southern section
of Van Cortlandt Park between
the Major Deegan Expressway
and Mosholu Parkway, this new
facility will provide three ski
slopes, five powered rope tows,
flood lights for night skiing and
a complete system that mixes
compressed air and water,
which lands on the ground, at
low temperatures, as beautiful-
ly powdered snow.

vided for skis, boots and poles
for those skiers who do not wish
to bring their own equipment.
There will be refreshment
stands, a first aid station, and
instructors who will operate a
ski school offering group and
private lessons.

The ski area can be reached by
subway, bus, automobile and
even by city taxi. A day of ski-
ing costs $2 for adults ($3 on
weekends) and $1 for children. Se
There are parking facilities at

It is anticipated, thanks to the

ST. MORITZ SKI CENTER

How reached: Board SWISSAIR 6 P.M

Idlewild, arriving at Zurich 7:25 A.M. the
next morning. Then take 10:19 train from
Zurich via Chur, arriving at St. Moritz 2:59
P.M. Suggest dinner at the delightful,
celebrity-haunted Chesa Veglia when you
get there. Or take a later train from Zurich
and have lunch at Kronenhalle where there
is great food in a room hung with Matisses
and Picassos.

VAN CORTLANDT PARK
SKI CENTER

How Reached: 7th Avenue-Broadway line
to 242nd Street and 8 minute walk to ski
center; or hail any city cab; or Major
Deegan Expressway or Westside Highway,
exiting at Van Cortlandt Park.

Skiing Facilities at St. Moritz: One tele
ferique; three funicula1 railways; and four
ski lifts. HOURS: Daytime only.

Skiing Facilities at Van Cortlandt: Five
ski lifts; three slopes; ski rental; ski school
HOURS: 10 A.M. skiing continues at
night until 10 P.M. every day.

After-Ski Activities—St. Moritz: The Palace
Hotel, several bistros, where you can eat
Buendnerfleisch (dried meat), Cheese Fon
due, Fondue Bourguignonne, Onion and
Cheese Pie, Emmental Veau (minced veal)
and Rosti (potatoes cooked in theit jack
ets). At these places you drink Neuchatel,
Fendant, Dole, Dezaley, Johannisberg and
Kirsch de Zoug

After-Ski Activities—Van Cortlandt: Sub
way; of course for luxurious travel, hail
city cab to your own home where you can
prepare (most of these recipes are listed
inside) Buendnerfleisch, Cheese Fondue
Fondue Bourguignonne, Onion and Chees«

Pie, Emmental Veau and Rosti

And in your own home, by simply calling
Sherry’s, you can serve Neuchatel, ] endant,
Dole, Dezaley, Johannisberg and Kirsch

de Zoug

the boathouse near theski slopes.

Van Cortlandt Park boasts of three pleasant ski slopes. Here is Hill #3
caught by our camera on Friday morning, February 1, 1963.

MID-WINTER SALE VALUES

SALE PRICE
No. Bottle Case

3064 JAMES BOSWELL SCOTCH. = . ou, . . 4.99 58.50

English literature records the walking tour of Dr. Samuel Johnson and James Boswell through the golf,
Scotch country and ski country of Scotland. This whisky, like Mr. Boswell, unequivocally Scotch, is made and
bottled at one of Scotland’s most distinguished distilleries. Light in body, very pale in color—’tis a pity that
Dr. Johnson and Boswell did not take a flask along with them on their tour. It sold for $5.99 during 1962
and it is nothing short of a sensational value at this fabulous price.

3302 YOUR CHOICE OF
BACK BAY GIN OR VODKA . ....... .. 2.490 40.95

S. S. Pierce has been on the New England scene (home of American skiing) for over 130 years. Here you can
choose between their impeccable gin at a full 90 proof—clean and bone dry—or their perfectly made Vodka
(80 proof) at puritanically low cost. These are the drinks of Stowe and North Conway. And for those who
want to save even more money, by all means acquire the FULL QUARTS at $4.29 each, $49.95 the case.

3355 YOUR CHOICE OF
HOGARTH GIN or CHOPIN VODKA . . . 4.79 35.95

The gin is 94 proof and bears the name of William Hogarth, the creator of “Gin Lane” in London. The
Vodka is a full 100 proof, is made in Poland, the home of Vodka, and is perhaps the best vodka available
on the face of the globe. Either of these would be good value at $5.75. At $4.79, our only advice is to
“schuss” as fast as you can to our shop to acquire a supply for next Spring.

BENSON’S CREEK
KENTUCKY BOURBON. .. . 4.95 56.29

Just outside of Frankfort, Kentucky, there is a small tributary of the Kentucky
River called ‘Benson’s Creek’. It was named after Richard Benson, a hardy young
frontiersman who was a hero of the Indian wars. This cool, clear brook now runs
next to the distillery from where this 6 year old, charcoal-filtered, sour mash
bourbon is made in the old-fashioned way. It is produced in limited quantities only
during the late Fall of each year and the waters of this brook provide an im
portant ingredient. It is questionable whether any other whiskey available in New
York at this price is quite its equal. And for added savings, we suggest FULL
QUARTS at $6.10 each, $69.48 the case.

ROULON
Sv vyears Ol

12.50

From the Ventoux district of the Rhone, not far from Tavel, comes this remarkable pink wine which won
First Gold Award for its category at a recent Paris Fair. We honestly believe it would be good value at $2.
At $1.09, we suspect our limited quantity will be sold within a week—so please act quickly to avoid disap
pointment

867 COTES DU RHONE ROSE 1960 (Bellicard) . 1.09

37 CRAMANT, BLANC DE BLANCS,
[O09 CHAMPAGNE: «eos os lcd ce 38.50

Wine lovers have been waiting with baited breath for the first arrival of the great 1959 Champagnes—perhaps
the best vintage year since 1893. We are the first to have it in America and you will not be disappointed
when you taste it. There is a happy harmony of delicacy, luscious fruit and refreshing dryness. It was im
ported to sell for $7 the bottle—it is worth $9 the bottle—and at $4.99 we cannot muster one single reason
why any Champagne drinker should fail to try at least one bottle. For the more cautious experimenters, there
are half bottles at $2.79 each, $61.50 the case and for the daring, there are Magnums at $10.59 each.

 
