 

Konrad Egli of the Chalet Suisse first intro-

duced Americans to the Fondue Bourgui-
gnonne, the original do-it-yourself dinner
dish. At the table, cubes of beef filet are
dipped into a fondue dish holding a hot
mixture of oil and butter. The quickly-
sauteed meat is then dipped into a choice
of sauces. At the Chalet Suisse the choice in
front of you includes Bearnaise capers and
eggs, tartar, chopped onion, and Bordel-
aise. If you make this at home, remember
to use long fondue forks when you're cook-
ing each cube of beef, because the butter-
oil mixture is quite hot.

    
       
   
      

Ssard

SS

  

Ss
mS

  

Ce

  
  

SEL

SO

  

Ses

 

    

Visitors to Vienna drive to the outskirts of
the city looking for the tell-tale pine bough
outside -a_farmer’s house that denotes a
Heurige. The Heurigen houses are not res-
taurants or inns, but the house of a vine-
yard owner where, at certain times of the
year, the populace is invited in to taste his
own new wine. Grinzinger and Nussberger
are the wines you’re most likely to find
around Vienna, and knowledgeable tour-
ists remember to order a Heurige Packerl
—a lunch to carry along to the wine picnic.

SS
Madeira is the wine that was drunk
throughout colonial America—on Boston’s
Beacon Hill, in mansions on the James
River, in homes of Southern planters. Ma-
deira was the most acceptable wine that
might be offered guests as an aperitif,
through the meal and after the meal. It was
an all-purpose wine, and a decanter of it
always stood on the buffet. It also presided
in the kitchen, where it was used in many
dishes, especially those indigenous favor
ites, turtle soup and terrapin stew—when
the Madeira was as indispensable as the
turtle itself.
from HOUSE BEAUTIFUL,
by Sam Aaron

ALAMEDA—County in northern Califor-
nia. Its vineyards in the Livermore Valley,
southeast of San Francisco, are planted
with Pinot Chardonnay, Sauvignon Blanc,
Semillon and other high-grade varieties;
the white wines from these are among the
best of California. The vineyard of Wente
3ros. is outstanding in this area.

Frank Schoonmaker’s

DICTIONARY OF WINES

 

"Ne san

— ” oat j

Page Eight...

AUSTRIA... GAITETY... MUSIC ... FINE FOOD AND
WINE...AND MOUNTAIN PEAKS THAT
REACH 12.000 FT.

Here is the cosmopolitan cross-roads of the world—the wine cannot help being sophisti-
cated; it takes on the subtlety and zest of beloved Vienna. Skiers and travelers will be de-
lighted with the boiled beef, coffee houses, pastry palaces, Heurigen, Kaiserchmarren,
Sachertorte, the beauty of the ski descents, and the wine. Below are some of the noblest
examples.

The Austrian ski schools are famous, the “Arlberg” method was born here, and some of the
great resorts are Bad Gastein, Berwang, Heiligenblut, Kitzbuhel, St. Anton and Innsbruck.

THE WHITE WINES OF AUSTRIA
No. Bottle Case

566 GUMPOLDSKIRCHNER SPATLESE 1959 . . 1.69 18.75

To the south of Vienna there is a fairyland village that bears a name as grotesque as “Rumpelstilskin.” Not
easy to pronounce, but quite easy to drink, we are dealing with a light, pleasing, dry white wine, a bit less
flowery than its German equivalent but having, nevertheless, its own “raison d’etre.”

531 KREMSER CABINET SPATLESE 1959. . . . 1.89 20.95

In the Danube Valley, a two hour drive from Vienna, there is the lovely old town of Krems which produces this
flowery, fresh white wine made from the Veltliner grape.

532 NUSSBERGER AUSLESE 1959... ... 2.49 27.50

Ask any Austrian ski instructor or coffee house gourmet, and he will tell you that the best white wines of
Austria come from the Benedictine Abbey Schotten, established in the Middle Ages. In our opinion, it would be
hard to find a German wine at this price that would be quite its equal.

429 LOIBNER KAISERWEIN 1959... ... 2.49 27.50

Emperor Franz Josef had a favorite wine and it was Loibner Kaiserwein. His 1890 might have been good, but
we question whether it surpasses this 1959. Perhaps the best single dry white wine of all Austria.

NOTES ON THE WESTERN UNITED STATES

In general, the larger western ski resorts are much higher than their eastern counterparts
and are more Alpine in character. There is a continuous flow of airplanes to Denver (for
Aspen and other Colorado resorts), to Twin Falls (for Sun Valley) and Reno (for Squaw
Valley in California, where the Olympics were recently held).

 

The skiing here is breath-taking—descents from 11,000 ft. to 5,000 ft., partly over open
slopes and partly on trails through the forest.

LIFE MAGAZINE — GUIDE MICHELIN —- AND
AMERICAN GASTRONOMY

Only recently, LIFE Magazine was able to persuade Michelin Inspector Pierre Lamalle to
eat and drink his way through the United States in a fortnight. His full report appeared in the
November 23 issue of the magazine. He found “both the variety and quantity of food avail-
able in the United States wonderful to contemplate. You have such meat, such vegetables
and fruit, and so much of them. Your restaurants are better than I was expecting.”

However, as wine merchants, we were particularly interested in the following statement:
“He drank California wine and enjoyed it; in fact, he found one Chablis (Wente Bros. Pinot
Chardonnay) which he not only considered ‘great’ but as good as many great white bur-
gundies of France.”

Based on this statement, our curiosity was sufficiently aroused for us to conduct several
tastings of the white wines of Wente Bros., which are produced in the Livermore Valley of
California. In balance, we consider them the best white wines of our native soil. They com-
pare favorably with many European counterparts that command considerably higher prices.
We list below those that proved particularly pleasing to us, including the rare and hard-to-
come-by Pinot Chardonnay.

ra r rn! nN ria ry! Na P
PHE REMARKABLE WHITE WINES OF
>| ia bl nN fo
WENTE BROS.
The vineyard soil of the Livermore Valley, where the Wente wines are grown—not far
from San Francisco—appears coarse and gravely. These conditions, as in France, are
peculiarly suited to the cultivation of the white wine grape. Because of the constancy of the
climate, vintages are not nearly as imporant here as they are in Europe.
No. Bottle Case

aoel PINOT CHABDONNAY ... 2... . gem 27.45

Here is the noble white wine grape of Burgundy that produces the Montrachet, the Meursault and the Pouilly
Fuisse. [ts distinguished heritage, as it struggles to survive in this barren soil, does not permit high production
per acre, but compensates by high quality, finesse and haunting bouquet. The total production is pitiably small,
it is hard to come by and is well worth the price that this truly fine American white wine commands. Kindly
order quickly, because our inventory is not large and only a few cases remain at the winery.

avOU SALIVIGNON GLANG. . . . «4 6. ae 25.33

he grape of the Graves district in Bordeaux. Fuller in body, less dry than the Pinot Chardonnay

ane] GREY MIPSLING, « + x + bee 20.36

Perhaps the best example we have yet run across of a wine made from a sub-variety of the Riesling grape—the
grape that produces the best of the Rhines and Moselles, and some of the greatest of the Alsatians. Soft, delicate
and unusually pleasing.

 

  
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
   
 
    
 
  
 
  
 
  
   
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
   
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
   
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
   
  
   
    
  
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
 
  
  
  
  
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
    
      

James Beard,
last summer,
ate in Japan
taurant Wac
private barn
cows being

after they ha
proof raw sal
they were tr¢
beer at a time
marbled bee
as you have

 

Going from
heartiness, h
Garlic Saus:

simple to ]
even the mc
5th Ave. shc

I good-size
24 cup che
21% cups re

Chop the she
the red wine
sage in the 7
the heat ane
for 35-40 min
glazed in the
in the pan.

A delightf
wines of thi
Simon and |
title AN IN
we proudly
brought uf
Sherry’s, A]
practically
$1.45—a w
wine enthu

4

 

Home tron
My wife ha
a dish of y
a loin of ve
and two do
tart, a neal
a dish of p

Samue
