  

A letter from Vienna, dated 1827:

.. Yet now I come to you with an impor
tant request. My physician ordered me to
drink some very good old hock. Here it is
impossible to obtain anything of the kind,
unadulterated, even at the greatest cost.
The sooner I receive this Rhine or Moselle
wine, then the more beneficial its effect can
be in my present condition, and I beg you
most cordially for this favor, for which I
shall be gratefully obliged to you.

Ludwig von Beethoven

The bottles of wine, Rudesheimer Berg
1806, arrived two days after Beethoven’s

death.

 

In many restaurants of Germany one can
order not only local wines, but fine vintage
wines as well—by the glass. When good
wine is made so accessible, one soon falls
into the habit of having at least a glass
with every meal. Konrad Egli of the Chalet
Suisse subscribes to this, and his customers
are in the habit of asking for a Roemer
(large green goblet) of Neuchatel, Fendant,
or Dole de Sion.

 

Hy

Son

 

Page Six

 

 

 

GERMANY=-A SCHLOSS AND A SCHUSS

In Germany you will find dozens of ways of cooking the cabbage and the potato. The dumpling
bounces through the menu from appetizer into soup, the main dish and sometimes the dessert.
[he items that abound are butter, cream, cold cuts, ham, many types of sausages, rye bread and
pumpernickel, live trout, beer, cheese, rich pastries, pancakes, herrings, lentil soup, sauerbraten
and the wonderful, wonderful white wines of the Rhine and Moselle.

[t would be hard to imagine white wines better than these when they are at their best—fighting
to survive against a cold climate that is at a latitude north of Labrador. It is this struggle that
gives the great Rhines and Moselles their breed and class. Below we have taken some good
average wines and truly great white wines, and put them all on sale. Buy now at these low sale
prices, while there is still snow on the ground, and anticipate the pleasure of drinking them next

Spring, when they will be at their very best.

MOSELLE WINES
SALE PRICE

No. Bottle Case

121 WIEPIRINGER HEIDOENKOFE 1900.) 2 > ye 1.49 16.50

Estate Bottled, Kaiser Wilhelm Gymnasium

We have never forgotten our visit to this secondary school, one of the best of Western Germany (interestingly
enough, Karl Marx was a student)! Rarely have we seen more care, love and affection showered on the cul-
tivation of a vine. The origin of this wine is obscure—we never heard of this vineyard before—but when a cork
is drawn you will discover a very light, delicate Moselle, low in alcohol, that exhibits remarkable fragrance and
finesse.

2/0 BERNCASTELER BRAUNES [959 - . =... 1.79 19.75
Shipped by L. Federlein

The soil that surrounds the quaint village of Berncasteler is justly famous because it produces some of the
greatest white wine of the world. Here we are not dealing with a “Doktor,” but nevertheless you will be de
lighted with the wine’s fruit, freshness and pleasant appeal—both to the palate and to the purse. And there are
half bottles at 99¢ each, $21.75 the case.

198 KASELIER PALIBENBERG 1959... 3. 1.99 21.95
Estate Bottled, Longen

Ihe Ruwer, which flows into the Moselle, has some remarkable vineyards along its banks. As a matter of fact,
in a year such as 1959 it has produced some of its best wine since the legendary 1921s. It is questionable
whether you could buy this particular wine, at a price such as this, at a wine shop in Frankfurt.

785 WEHLENER SONNENUHRSPATLESE 1959. . 4.99 54.95

Estate Bottled, Johann Josef Prum
Each year, at the wine auctions in Germany, the Moselles produced by J. Prum in Wehlener consistently fetch
the highest prices at the sale. Here is the best vineyard in the town, a “spatlese” or late picking, of the greatest

year of the decade. We have seen this wine sell for over $8 the bottle in New York, and we do not think it
was over-priced.

502 BERNKASTELER DOKTOR SPATLESE 1960. . 5.49 60.50
Estate Bottled, Dr. H. Thanisch

We have just received a letter from the cellar master for Dr. Thanisch and we quote his notes on the 1960: “An
excellent wine. Palatable, easy to drink. This wine will develop beautifully in the bottle.” Here is the most
renowned vineyard of all Germany.

RHINE WINES

GOs. LIEBFRAUIMIILCH 1959 3 2. 2.49 27.50
Estate Bottled, Franz Karl Schmitt

There is much dubious wine sold under the name of Liebfraumilch. Here is an authentic estate bottled beauty

from one of the better vineyards of Nierstein, produced by the master grower Franz Karl Schmitt. We question
whether you can find a better example at any price

552 SCHLOSS JOHANNISBERGER ROSELACK
PEIINE OPA LESE £959,044: -... i 32.75

Estate Bottled, Prince von Metternich

Outside of a few cases of ‘‘Beerenauslese,” the very best wine that Prince von Metternich produced here during
the fabulous 1959 vintage bears on its label the phrase ‘‘feine spatlese.”’ The wine is truly fabulous It was
bargain last month, when we offered it at $5.99 the bottle. At this low
avoid disappointment

a
price, we suggest early acquisition to

Swiss National Tourist Bureau

 

  
  
 
 
 
 
  
   
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
    
   
      
   
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
    
      
  
  
 
 
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
  
    
    
   
 
  
 
 
    
   
 
  
  
 
 
  
     
 
   
  
  
  
  
 
 
   
 
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
  
 
    
 

We do be
travelers
by SWIS:
Zurich al
course, 1S
the gastr«
ing short
SWISSAI
the flight
rector, M
of Switzel

[his airl
attractive
booklet, i
erland. ‘1
that if a1
need sim]
ing Mana
wild Airp
ises that U
he will p
day. We
and you |

 

SWISSAI
Cheese Fi

iY

2
ly

lb. Gru
lb. Emr
equivale
2 tablespo
I clove fre
2 cups dry
3 tablespe

Apple J
Nutmeg, p
2 loaves I
crust cu
must ha

Dredge «
sil well wit
heat. Whe
bubbles ri
handfuls, s
or spoon. 1]

{dd nut
again for
(or brandy

Serve bi

DINNER

can be a

only by in
CO.Cae. Fe
calm cony
the rubie:
be delicio
dessert, ai

the coffee.

WINE \
meal. Me;

eS

  
