  

 

SHHERRIES OF SPAIN

 

Y LOW SALE PRICES

pie

 

9 VU)

A. J. Liebling, a five-star trencherman, de
scribes an encounter with a bad rosé. “The
wine was a thin rosé in an Art Nouveau
bottle, with a label that was a triumph of
lithography; it had spires and monks and
troubadors and blondes in wimples on it,
and the name of the cru was spelled out in
letters with Gothic curlicues and pennons
Chateau

Guillaume d’Aquitaine, grand vin.

The name was something like

“What a madly gay little wine, my dear!”
M. Clicquot said repressing, but not soon

i

enough, a grimace of pain

‘One would say a Tavel of a good yeat

I cried, “‘if one were not a complete bloody
fool.” I did not say the second clause out

loud

looked

at me with new respect. He was discovering

My old friend [the unwilling host

in me a capacity for hypocrisy that he had

never credited me with before
from BETWEEN MEALS

 

We predict that during a February snow
storm a housewife in Glen Cove will call
Sherry’s one afternoon at 5:18 to order
some wine, and have it arrive at her house

before noon the next day. She will be

surprised, but our shipping department
I pping

won't be

 

Austrian Tourist Bureau

Alexander Pope tells a story of a time when

Ne was invited to dinner by Jonathan Swift.
The servant brought in a roast that was

overdone. Swift waved it away

“Take it back and do it less.”

saying

 

At the yeak of Madeira’s opularity, the
I Pot

true Madeira fancier had his own special
shippe rand brand. Some of the wines were
named for the ships in which they traveled,
such as Hurricane and Southern Cross
names of the families
Rutledge

ider, Gerry, Butler. The Butler 16 achieved

others carried the
who imported them Cadwal

ome fame by capturing the fancy of Daniel
Webster

When that well-known statesman was in
vited to taste from a friend’s stock of Butler
16 he tasted and then stayed a fortnight to
consume the host’s entire supply
bottles

twelve

from HOUSE BEAUTIFUI
by Sam Aaron

Julian Street ha

thout the

handed down the story
gourmet who ordered with his
dinner in a restaurant a bottle of macniff
cent old vintage Burgundy. The waiter who
brought it handled the
Look here
|

haven't shaken that bottle have your”

bottle carelessly

exclaimed the gourmet, ‘you

No, sit

\nd he

replied the waiter, “but I will

suited the action to the word

    
   
   
   
  
 
  
  
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
    
   
  
  
  
  
   
 
  
  
 
    
 
 
 
  
    
     
     
  
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
  
   
      
  
 
   
   
  
   
   
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
    
 
      
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
    
   
      
 
 
  
 
   
   
 

rm rw. N 4g rea >, | ‘

LAST MINUTE NOTES

We have traveled around the world together visiting vineyards and winter resorts, and we

have also dipped into gastronomic anecdotes and food recipes. In this process, some excep-

tional sale opportunities have been overlooked, and we group them all together under
“Last Minute Notes.”

SALE PRICE
No. Bottle

2306 GRAHAM'S “OLD WESTMINSTER”
TAWINY PORT 3 2 3 ee . 1.99 22.65

In London they take their port seriously and no name is more respected in the social clubs and hotels of this
city than that of ‘“W. J. Graham.” A mediocre port has never appeared under this label, and probably never will
Our spies tell us that there are stores in New York that ask $4.09 for port of this calibre. Nor are we even
inclined to consider it over-priced. At this low sale level, we suggest you acquire it by the case

2712 1A SEINE. 3, 2.79 30.75

“La Seine” captures the leisurely, cheering, refreshing qualities of the invigorat
ing aperitifs that are consumed so joyously at the sidewalk cafes of Paris. As any
Parisian will testify, it is the most versatile of drinks—it can be kept cold in the
refrigerator and served ‘‘as is’; you can add orange or lemon rind; it is delight-
ful when offered ‘ton the rocks”; mixed with ice and soda as a highball; or
blended in equal parts with gin or vodka as a new, pleasant cocktail.

Case

The economics are astonishing—this bottle holds 33%4 oz. At this low sale price,
the cost per ouce is well below 9¢ the ounce. Please try it—you will reorder

126 CHATEAU GLORIA 1959 (St. Julien) . . . 2.89 31.95

Any wine expert in Bordeaux will testify to the fact that Chateau Gloria equals in finesse and charcter any red
wine produced in the Medoc town of St. Julien. Only recently, the managing director of the Mirabelle restaurant
in London tasted Chateau Gloria 1959 and bought all that was available. During January, we obtained a bottle,
took it home to taste, and the following morning we bought the entire inventory that existed in New York—45
cases. Here is truly great wine, ready now, and like its name, a “true glory.” We salute Henri Martin, the
proprietor of the vineyard

 

2025 YOUR CHOICE IN FULL GALLONS OF
ST. MICHEL MT. RED—WHITE—ROSE . . . 2.99 11.50

Here are the cheerful vin du pays of California at a price that would cheer a Parisian. These gay, light-hearted
wines in their big gallon jugs, make no more pretense to greatness than the pleasant little country wines of France
Like those, they are fresh, clean and satisfying wines such as can be found in many of France’s country inns
wines without label or date, but nonetheless good.

Our ST. MICHEL wines—and there is a red one, a white one and a pink one—come from the Sonoma hillsides
which provide some of the finest vineyard land in California. CHOOSE AMONG THEM they are all proud
wines bottled at the vineyard in northern California—and all offered at the astonishingly low cost of $2.99 the
gallon—or the equivalent of only 60¢ the bottle. Only recently James Beard, noted wine and food authority,
stated, “St. Michel is making one of the greatest contributions to pleasant, inexpensive wine drinking in
America since repeal.”

Si GREVIN BRUIT.ROSE: 5. A 49.50

Henri Grevin is a small, impeccable, honest vigneron of the Champagne district. Frank Schoonmaker first met
him about 20 years ago and was impressed with the quality of his Champagne. The relationship between these
two wine lovers has persisted during the last two decades and Mr. Schoonmaker only recently brought this truly
wonderful, bone dry Champagne to the United States. There are only 15 cases—it normally commands $5.57

the bottle—we offer it on sale during this pericd at only $4.49.

2336 AUTHENTIC PORT OF THE ISI7VINTAGE. . 5.99 65.95

One of the noblest of the world’s great wines is undoubtedly an authentic Vintage Port that has achieved its
maturation, like fine still wine, in bottle rather than in cask. If you have never experienced this vinuous joy, we
strongly advise that you acquire this truly superb 1917 for your own pleasure at this low sale price. Nor-
mally $7.50

2853 ARMAGNAC, DOMAINE D’OGNOAS . . . 7.69 89.50

We shall never forget our visit with Frank Schoonmaker to the French Government farm at Arthez. There we
saw barrel after barrel of Armagnac Brandy, in various stages of maturation. The integrity of the distillers was
apparent—no human improvements by the ddition of various sweetening compounds were taking place. We
knew we were dealing with a noble, untouched, unadulterated spirit. After much tasting, Mr. Schoonmaker
selected one of the better barrels—a brandy of long maturation, of exceptional cleanness to the palate, forth-
right bouquet and good balance. The brandy offered here is a product of that barrel; the price is phenomenal

8.60 23.95

Case of 3

725 CHATEAU LATOUR CARNET 1959 In Jerasoam

A Jeraboam is the equal of four ordinary bottles, and purists claim wine develops better in this size. Here is a
classified, chateau-bottled growth of the Medoc. To realize how inexpenisve this is, divide $8.60 by 4 to arrive
at bottle price. Only 8 cases.

2413 GRABHAM 1818 SERCIAL SOLERA MADEIRA 14.95 165.00

Andre Simon, the Dean of wine lovers, speaks reverently in his books about the aged wines he has experienced
on the island of Madeira. Above all others, he praises those served to him by the late Dr. Michael Grabham,
whose family owns the most noteworthy collection on the island. It is from this remarkable collection that this
rare Madeira was acquired. You will find it full of vigor, rich in taste, of glorious bouquet, relatively dry. As you
sip it in front of the fire, you will find it a philosophic springboard to inspire a discussion of what went on in that
year—only three years after the defeat of Napoleon at Waterloo. We have put it on sale to inspire the more
adventuresome to try at least a bottle.

 

NOTES ON CANADA

Many a New Yorker can be seen over a winter’s week-end. skiing the hills of the Laurentian
Mts., which start north of Montreal and culminate in Mont Tremblant. Until recently,
American tourists have brought back with them the excellent Seagram Crown Royal Cana-
dian whiskey, which was unobtainable in the United States. Only last year, it found its way
into this country and is available at Sherry’s at $8.70 the bottle. Other popular Canadian
spirits are: OFC 8 Year Old ($6.40), Gilbey’s Canadian Velvet ($6.65 ), and the inter-
nationally famous Canadian Club ($6.30).

Page Eleven

  
