199 yy,

199 ay

Le
On
Lo)
Bo
oe»

VD VODKAS ON SALI

49 408

3.49 409:

220

7

gi

Do you know about out delivery service?
Any order that reaches us at Sherry’s by 4
p-m. will surely be delivered anywhere in
Manhattan the very same day. And we will
deliver to Westchester and Long Island the

next day

 

For an exciting after-ski evening in your
own home, we suggest you recapture some
of the fun, spirit and atmosphere of an
\lpine resort by serving Kirsch, Neuchatel,
Fendant, Dole, “La Seine” Apertif, Fior
d’Alpe, Hot Spiced Wine and Pear Brandy.
\nd if you live in Manhattan simply call
[Empleton 8-7500 and you can count on
same day rush delivery for any of these
items. And for those of you who live in the
suburbs, and within the United Parcel
Service zone, you can relax in the ce1
tainty that your order will surely reach you

the following day

 

We wondered whether Samuel Johnson
had ever met his contemporary, William
Hogarth. We referred to Boswell’s LIFE OF
JOHNSON, and found this curious story
Hogarth arrived at a friend’s house and
began to talk about the policies of the king,
George I]

While Hogarth was talking (writes Bos
well), he perceived a person standing at a
window in the room, shaking his head and
rolling himself about in a strange, ridicu
lous manner. He concluded that he was an
idiot, whom his relations placed under the
care of Mr. Richardson (the host)....To
his great surprise, however, this figure
stalked forward, took up the argument and
burst out into an invective against George
II....In short, he displayed such a power
of eloquence that Hogarth looked at him
with astonishment, and actually imagined
that this idiot had at the moment been in
spired. Neither Hogarth nor Johnson were
made known to each other at this interview.

 

Whether you've been skiing or just bray

ing the elements on your way home, a
quick way to warm up is with a cup or two
of Mulled Wine. Take an inexpensive red
wine, perhaps one of the California wines

in a half-vallon, and heat it on the stove

While you’re bringing the wine to a sim
mer, add cloves, allspice, cinnamon sticks
ugar to taste and slices of lemon and
orange. When the wine punch is simmer
ing, you may want to add some flaming
rum. Serve in punch ¢ ups and wat¢ h frozen
Lace thaw mto warm and appreciative

male

    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
 
 
  
   
   
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
   
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
   
   
   
 
 
    
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
   
  
 
  
  
 
  
   
   
    
       
 
  
   
   
       
     
     
     

SCOTLAND=SKIING TO THE SKIRL OF BAGPIPES

For the first time, Scotland’s wild mountains are the new frontier of skiing this winter. The
shivering of the shepherd has been replaced by the whoops of the uninhibited ski fans.
There are chair lifts at Glencoe and Strathspey in the Cairngorm Mts. The hotels, formerly
open only in the summer, have dusted off their fireplaces—and there is central heating.

A number of the Scottish skiing clubs take their pipers with them. There are few kilts—the
results are drastic in case of a fall. If you don’t believe us, please call The British Travel
Association, 680 Fifth Avenue.

THE WHISKIES OF SCOTLAND ON SALE

SALE PRICE
No. Bottle Case

3037 DOUGLAS “BOARD MEMBER'S CHOICE”. . 4.59 53.95

At eventide each day, the mountain climbers, the strollers and the skiers of Scotland generally repair to their
hotels to discuss the day’s events over local Scotch whisky. They sometimes talk about the high taxes on their
whisky, both in Scotland and in the United States. They often wonder why it is possible to buy a good whisky
of their country, bottled at one of their best distilleries, at $4.59 the bottle—a price less than the average
Scotsman pays for his local distillate which may have been made within ten miles of his home. The excellent
Douglas ‘Board Member’s Choice” is a whisky that brings envy to a Highlander

3064 JAMES BOSWELLSCOTCH. ..... . 4.99 58.50

When Boswell was busily engaged in writing the biography of Dr. Samuel Johnson, he had little time to in
vestigate the possibilities of winter sports. We do not know whether he would have approved, but 200 years
later, in the very area where he took the walking tour with the good doctor, thousands of Scotsmen are now
descending the mountains in frantic fashion. However, we are certain that he would approve of the whisky
that bears his name, and the price at which it is offered

3065 FORTNUM AND MASON’S REDSEALSCOTCH 53.69 66.00

The venerable firm of Fortnum and Mason traces its ancestry back almost three centuries. The respected directors
indulge in the London theatre, are delighted by the food of Soho, love the wines of their cellars and have expressed
approval of skiing in Scotland—even though they are not participants. Their whisky enjoys a great vogue among
the discriminating drinkers of London, and is quite comparable in pedigree and taste to Scotches that sell well
above $7. the bottle. At this low cost of $5.69, no Anglophile should hesitate an instant.

3012 BARRISTER’S CHOICE 12 YEAROLD .. . 6.99 79.50

Though it is the choice of the members of the Bar of England, Scotland and the United States, we suspect it
would win equal approval for its age, balance and roundness from psychiatrists, engineers, internists, architects,
artists, actors and writers. Every drop is at least 12 years old—it is just about as good as Scotch can be—and
the sale price is phenomenally low.

THE GASTRONOMIC LIFE OF NORTH-EASTERN
UNITED STATES

The American culture began in the north-east, the area where the thirteen Colonies joined
together to form the nation. It is unquestionably the meltingpot of many European people
and influences. The drinking habits of this corner of our country are therefore fairly interna-
tional, but with a strong emphasis on our native products such as bourbon, blended whiskey,
gin and vodka. The Anglo-Saxon element in our background is expressing itself particularly
through the growth of interest in Scotch whisky and English gin.

-erhaps the best skiing of the area can be found in northern Vermont at Stowe. (The com-
fort, French cuisine and excellent wine cellar of The Lodge at Smugglers’ Notch deserves
particular commendation.) The neighboring Sugarbush Valley also deserves attention from
those interested in food and wine. In southern Vermont there is “Big Bromley” near
Manchester and Mt. Snow near Westover. In New Hampshire there is the eastern slope
region, Cannon Mt. And in upper New York State there is the exciting Whiteface Mt.
just outside Lake Placid.

AMERICAN WHISKIES

Although all the listings below trace their birthplace to Kentucky, nevertheless it is Amer-
ican whiskies such as these that dominate the drinking habits of New England and upper
New York State. They make their own distinct contribution when imbibed, of a winter’s
night, in front of a friendly, warm fireplace. Here are the 20th century successors to New
England rum and Madeira.

No. Bottle Case

3528 OLD STYLE WHISKEY (A Superior Blend). . 3.49 40.95

Here is an unusually fine harmony of mature Kentucky whiskies, blended carefully with grain neutral spirits
to provide the lightness and mellowness associated with a superior blend. Equals others that sell for well over $4
the bottle. For a touch of Vermont frugality, we suggest full quarts at $4.29 each, $49.95 the case

3762 OLD JEB 6 YEAR OLD KENTUCKY BOURBON 3.79 43.25

The trend throughout the nation is towards straight, relatively light Kentucky bourbon. This excellent example,
a straight sour mash bottled at 86 proof, has matured in barrel for a full 6 years. The cost is provocatively low.
and there are full quarts at $4.69 each, $53.45 the case

3780 S$. S$. PIERCE KENTUCKY BOURBON. . . . 4.79 54.60

We suppose there is hardly a bar, inn or tavern throughout Vermont, New Hampshire and Massachusetts that
does not carry S. S. Pierce Kentucky Bourbon. This distinguished firm has played an important part on the New
England scene since 1831. The Pierce family, who are still in command of the company, take their whiskey
seriously and they offer this fine 6 year old bourbon, bottled at 86 proof, proudly. Available in full quarts at
$5.79 each, $66 the case

3764 OLD J. T.$. BROWN BONDED BOURBON. . 59.19 59.17

This small Kentucky country distillery was founded before the Civil War, back in 1855. Its bourbon has been
a consistent best seller in Kentucky—the home state of serious bourbon drinkers—practically ever since. If you
believe that the Bordelaise know their wine, the Floridians their oranges and the Oregonians their apples, then
we can be guided by this judgment of the Kentuckian. The price is pleasant enough for a 6 year old bonded

bourbon and, for added savings, there are full quarts at $6.39 each, $72.85 the case

3713 DOWLING Il YEAR OLD BONDED BOURBON 7.49 86.50

Our shoppers report that whiskey of this age and pedigree from impeccable sources generally commands $10
or more the bottle. In a blind tasting which we recently held, none of the $10 competitors equaled in point
scores the rating that this Dowling received. If you are not content with the usual bourbon, and want some

thing extraordinary, do not hesitate to try this 11 year old thoroughbred, being offered at a sensationally low
pric e

..» Page Three
