4.29 4)

i{ NDIES ON SALE

149 16

1.99

 

How I like claret! When I can get claret I
must drink it. "Tis the only palate affair
that I am at all sensual in....It fills one’s
mouth with a gushing freshness then goes
down cool and feverless: then, you do not
feel it quarreling with one’s liver. No; ’tis
rather a peacemaker and lies as quiet as it
did in the grape.

John Keats, in a letter, 1819.

Biographers of the poet have noted that
Keats sometimes peppered his tongue be
fore drinking hs favorite wine, the better to
savor its qualities

Se ee
I believe I became interested in cooking
because my mother wasn’t
Ernest Mundt

 

Referring to the timeless pleasures of the
table, Grimod de la Reyniere, the 17th

century gourmet and prince of hosts once

said: “One does not age at the table.”

What are the practical reasons for building
up your library of wine? Well, to begin
with, you will have the eternal pleasure of
intelligently interpreting wine lists and
wine literature. And, if you are interested
in the future generation, you can, if you
wish, gather a collection of wines to leave
your children, who will toast your wisdom
in being so thoughtful.

Beyond these emotional reasons, there is
an economic justification. If you buy wines
when they are young and allow them to
reach their full maturity, their value often
rises astronomically. A case of Chateau
Haut Brion 1959 was worth $40 in January,
1960; in January, 1961 it was worth $60; in
January, 1962, it had reached $85 and, as

the vintage becomes rarer, it will rise even

more

Irom an article on wines, written by our
issociate, Sam Aaron, which recently
appeared in HOUSE BEAUTIFUI

  

WINING, DINING AND SKIING
IN THE FRENCH PYRENEES

The Pyrenees, which form the boundary between France and Spain, extend about 250 miles
from the Atlantic to the Mediterranean. The mountains are reminiscent of the Alps in pro-
file and formation, but on a smaller scale, and they have, perhaps, a friendlier and more
intimate atmosphere. Many Parisians now find it quite as easy, pleasanter, and less costly
to travel by train south-west to the Basque country and avoid the high population concen-
tration of the Alps.

The food is quite fabulous here, with wonderful Basque specialties, and the non-skier will
find it pleasant indeed to sit on the terrace of his hotel and look out over the deep valleys
towards distant Spain.

The towns to look for are Superbagneres at 6,000 ft. altitude, with its large, luxurious hotel;
Font-Romeu, pleasantly situated on a high plateau and known for its sunshine and mildness
of climate; Bareges, well-known spa which was the scene of the French national downhill
and slalom championships; and, for those who are seeking comfortable inns at very low
cost, there is Gourettes in the western Pyrenees.

This area is a short drive for the wine and food-conscious inhabitants of the city of
Bordeaux. Naturally, the great wines of the Medoc and St. Emilion are available in the
Pyrenees in abundance, at a pleasantly low cost. We list below some sale opportunities
among the red wines of Bordeaux that would hardly cost you more in New York than at the
Basque inns, or even in Bordeaux itself.

RED BORDEAUX ON SALE
SALE PRICE

No. Bottle Case

JI! MEDOC I959 (Boyer Freres)... 4... . . Baa 15.95

The fruit and distinction of the 1959 vintage is apparent in this superior regional wine. One of the best district
wines we have ever tasted. Half bottles at 82¢ each, $17.95 the case.

101 CHATEAU LA ROSE 1959 (Pauillac) . . . 14.79 19.75

We were offered 42 cases of this wine on January 12. We tasted it—we could hardly believe our palate. Here
is a wine with the softness and finesse associated with the bette: wines of the wine-growing town of Pauillac.

Rarely have we been able to acquire a wine of such quality at a cost so low. We bought the 42 cases and offer
them to you, while they last, at $1.79.

100 CHATEAU HANTEILLAN 1959 (Haut-Medoc) 1.89 20.95

Frank Schoonmaker knows the ski terrain of the Pyrenees intimately, since he was part of the O.S.S. for Spain
during the war. He also shares an equal familiarity with the wines of Bordeaux, since he has spent much of his
life in the south-west of France. This has put him ina position to find “sleepers’”—that is, unheralded chateaux
of the Medoc which produce top-flight wines whose merits are not detected by the average wine merchant. Here
is one of Mr. Schoonmaker’s discoveries—a 1959, quick to mature, delightful for present drinking, and only
$1.89 the bottle. Here again we sadly report that there are only 76 cases in existence.

191 CHATEAU VERDIGNAN 1959 (Haut Medoc) 1.99 21.95

Several years ago we acquired the last remaining 300 cases of the 1955 vintage. Our clients were delighted with
the wine, and the cases were soon gone. The 1959 has just arrived we compared it with a surviving bottle of
the 1955—it is unquestionably better and hardly costs more.

732 CHATEAU BATAILLEY 1959 (Pauillac) . . 2.69 29.75

We now move up a notch and offer a classified growth—a wine ranked on the same level as Lynch-Bages, Chateau
Philippe de Rothschild and Cantemerle. We suppose this wine would be good value at $3.50. At $2.69 it should
prove fairly irresistible

I}! CHATEAU RIPEAU 1952 (St. Emilion) . . 2.49 27.50

This wine demonstrates some of the hazards of the vintage chart. All such charts rate 1953 better than 1952 in
Bordeaux, but this is only true of the Medoc. In St. Emilion, the reverse applies. It is no ordinary event to obtain
a truly outstanding 1952 chateau-bottled St. Emilion at a price such as this. 43 cases, and then no more.

128 CHATEAU LAFITE-ROTHSCHILD 1958 . 4.49 49.50

In a list just received in the mail from Bordeaux, a leading export merchant quotes this wine as $53.88 the case
f.o.b. the port. By simply adding the usual costs of duty, transportation, wholesaler’s profit, etc. this wine would
cost us over $60 the case, were we to buy it today. A bargain by anyone’s standards. Ready for present drinking.

162 CHATEAU MARGAUX 1955 (Margaux) . . 5.99 71.88

One of the great clarets of our generation, practically unprocurable in Bordeaux. Current trade price in France
is well over $70. At $5.99, it is a sensational opportunity. Sorry we cannot give case discount here, due to dra-
matically low bottle quotation

THE APERITIF OF THE BASQUE COUNTRY
No. Bottle Case

< 2vl2 LILLET. . . — 2 eee 29.00

On the auto route from Bordeaux to the Pyrenees, there flashes
almost every kilometer a large bill poster that reads “LILLET.” It is
the popular aperitif of southwestern France, made in the region, and
is undoubtedly the driest, the most sophisticated and the pleasantest of
this country’s aperitifs. Many of us know its virtues when served “as
is,” Over ice, or mixed with soda. Few of us are acquainted with the
wonderful way it is enjoyed in its native habitat. Here is the secret.

Pour about 3 oz. of Lillet over ice, hold a slice of orange rind 2 inches over
the glass. Ignite a match and place it about 1 inch away from the outer side
of the rind. Squeeze the rind thus letting the fragrant oils hit the flame;
then drop rind into glass. Blow out match. The result—the increased fra-
grance of the orange flavor, combined with the distinctive taste of the
Lillet creates a captivating harmony of taste. And besides, there is fun in
the match striking ritual.

 

SHERRY WINE & SPIRITS CO. INC. 679 MADISON AVE. N. Y.—TEMPLETON 38-7500

Page Five

 
  
 
 
 
   
 
   
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
 
 
 
   
    
  
  
 
  
  
 
   
  
 
   
   
   
 
 
 
 
  
   
    
   
  
 
 
  
   
  
  
 
 
   
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
     
   
    
     
  
 
  
