Gardeners at work at Chateau Lafite-Rothschild. The most famed red-wine vineyard in the wor

SPIRIT OF WINE CAPTURED

any of our catalogues have celebrated the marriage

of art and wine and have featured such artists as

4M. Toulouse-Lautrec, Miro and Picasso. Also gracing

our pages has been-the work of contemporary artists such as
Joe Wilder and Wayne Ensrud.

We now turn to the photography of Michel Guillard to
illuminate the wine scene. Monsieur Guillard, whose history as
a vineyard photographer is illustrious, has been particularly
helpful in this catalogue. He is the director of the definitive
French quarterly L’Amateur de Bordeaux, and he also created

the photographs for the classic book Yquem by Richard
Olney, as well as for the beautiful books Medoc and Couleur
France. Best of all promises to be a forthcoming tome on the
great wine-makers of France, now being written by Michael
Buller, which will be illustrated with the photographs of Michel
Guillard.

At present, Michel Guillard is photographing the vineyards
of St.-Emilion in great breadth and detail, in preparation for
the visit to the United States of the association of the
Premiers Grands Crus Classes of St.-Emilion this coming
November. (The ebulliant musicians hearlding the Jurade de

ld was acquired by the Rothschild family in 1868.

THE CAMERA

St.-Emilion on the cover of our catalogue are from this
collection.) There will be a full program of aoa tastings
and other events in New York and Washington, D.C., during
the association’s stay in this country. We plan to have a
schedule of these activities available at our shop in October.
We lift our glasses to Michel Guillard’s splendid photographs,
to you, our wine-loving readers—and to a festive summer!

Sam Aaron Michael Aaron
Chairman ~ President

Free Delivery Anywhere in New York State on Any Order Over $75 to a Single Address

Below $75, Please Add $7.95 per Delivery

Includes The Hamptons, Long Island, Westchester, Hudson Valley, Buffalo, Rochester, Syracuse, Albany and the Rest of New York State

Front Cover: The Jurade de St.-Emilion is being trumpeted to celebrate the Ban des Vendanges, tl

re beginning of the harvest.

Rec
The
the
Gro
and
Do
Ha
ent
198
vint
abu
goo
grea
and
to
SOO!

 
