 

 

Dry, delicate, completely beguiling. No wonder it’s
America’s best-selling Chardonnay from France.

ff cresistible drink-
Sf ability—the

Cu lovely, under-

stated bouquet and flavor

of Chardonnay in the

true French manner—

and ata price low enough

to astonish and delight

the thriftiest of French-

men. That’s a winning pean
combination in anyone’s a
book.

No wonder Macon-Lugny ‘Les Charmes” has taken first place in U.S.
sales in the category of imported French Chardonnay. And no wonder that it
occupies an honored place on the wine lists of most of America’s best French
restaurants, including Four Seasons, Cote Basque and Aurora.

The world loves Chardonnay. This summer, serve your friends the
delightful Macon-Lugny 1986. It’s the kind of wine that joyously harmonizes
with summer menus. **Les Charmes,” c’est charmant. We’ve yet to find a
white-wine lover who would disagree. (669)

XJ Bottle B — Case

 

core

 

 

A Most
Influential
Australian Winery

enfolds has the distinction of being among

the very best of all wineries in Aus-

tralia. As testimony to this reputation we
quote Hugh Johnson’s Modern Encyclopedia of Wine:
“Penfolds was founded by a doctor and run by his
descendants until 1962. Tooth’s took over in 1976. It oH Ne |
remains the most esteemed red wine company in ___rcsnnn kes ie
Australia, above all for its brilliant Grange Hermitage,
the one true first growth of the southern hemisphere.”’

The Penfolds philosophy rigidly maintains a belief in the highest quality and
consistency. They begin with using only the best possible fruit. Many years of
experience has made them masters at skillfully combining fruit with just the right
balance of oak to add complexity and a distinct character to their cuvees. Max Schubert,
Penfolds’ wine maker, is recognized worldwide for his wine-making genius. Discover
for yourself the excellence of one of Australia’s most outstanding producers.

SALE
PENFOLDS RED WINE Bottle Case

PENFOLDS KOONUNGA HILL 7.49 89.88
CABERNET/SHIRAZ 1986. Much in the Bordeaux claret tradition. Matured
in small oak barrels, thus adding complexity and depth that is usually associated with
more costly wines. Firm and long-lived, this happy blend of the Cabernet Sauvignon
and Shiraz grapes makes for very pleasant drinking today and will continue to thrive
for many years. (768)

PENFOLDS GRANGE HERMITAGE 1980 50.00 —
Hailed as Australia’s greatest red wine. The benchmark by which all other reds are
judged. This 1980 is beautifully balanced, exhibits fine structure and intense fruit.

Highly rationed and always in great demand. (7006)

PENFOLDS WHITE WINE | ances
PENFOLDS FUME BLANC 1987 6.29 75.48
The Sauvignon Blanc grape produces a fine Fume Blanc in California. Perhaps even

more intriguing is the success this noble grape achieves on Australian soil.

PENFOLDS YELLOW LABEL CHARDONNAY ’87 6.49 77.88

What a delicious wine! Excellent varietal flavor—an irresistible dry white wine of fine
character—at only $6.49!

 

 

 

 

 

 

g jg he whole world knows

e SD (even though it cannot

always afford) Louis
Roederer’s Cristal. Cristal is the
Champagne of historic occasions—
the Champagne for launching
ships, toasting the weddings of
princes, and celebrating new smash
hits on Broadway or Academy
Awards.

But the good things of life—the
things worth celebrating—are
sometimes less momentous. There
are many times when we want to
share a simpler joy with family and
friends, and open a bottle or two of
fine Champagne. And the house of
Roederer has the perfect
Champagne for these happy times:
LOUIS ROEDERER BRUT
PREMIER, the sans annee
companion to their imperial
Cristal.

Early reports indicate that LOUIS
ROEDERER BRUT PREMIER
promises to be one of the most
popular of Champagnes in the
Hamptons this summer. And for
good reason—the depth of flavor,
exceptional balance and equili-
brium, superb bouquet and length
on the palate will delight you.

The richness and full flavor of
Roederer Brut captured the hearts
of the Tsars of Russia inthe 19th
century. It has continued to thrill
Champagne connoisseurs ever
since, especially in France, where
wine-lovers know great Champagne
(and great value) when they taste
it. Why not join their ranks this
summer? (34)

 

2 SUMMER
J Bottle SALE PRICE

ot had d Case

 

 

 

EILINGENB:
85, Hemrich £

-
R QBA 138:

 

ANDGRLB Q

[R BAIKEN
5, Staatswein
MER

NEY KABINET

iborn, Ths ilystr

 

 

JTEAT Fp
91995 the
firm of Mag
$Wuphout Eur

iets af

YIN

 
