 

  
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
   
 
  
  
    
     
      
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

   

AU eC Cow Lt
of the Great

me bre |

Red Bordeaux

Since our first offering in the Spring of 1971, the word
has gotten around — BUY THE 1970 RED BOR-
DEAUX. While we won’t claim all the credit for creat-
ing this demand, we did feel, and continue to believe,
that it is our responsibility as wine merchants to keep
you well informed and up to date regarding the ever-
changing wine scene.

Our associate, Sam Aaron, has just returned from
his October visit to Bordeaux and reports to us that
those who already own some red Bordeaux of the 1970
vintage are extremely fortunate. “I was amazed,” said
Sam. “I cannot remember tasting such uniform excel-
lence from any prior vintage. The wines are progress-
ing beautifully in barrel, with deep color, great depth
of flavor, and superb over-all balance. They have an
extraordinary future ahead of them.”

Such optimism, however, must be coupled with the
fact that the demand for the 1970s is outstripping the
supply. The Bordeaux merchants know this because
every offering is snapped up immediately even though
the prices have risen dramatically on the Bordeaux
market. Prices will continue to escalate sharply on the
1970s as their intrinsic excellence becomes more
widely known and the supply of these great clarets
diminish.

7 z, If Acquired
1970 VINTAGE NOW
No. Case
M-3 CHATEAU PHELAN SEGUR (St. Estephe ) 28.50

An across-the-road neighbor of the more highly classified
Chateau Calon Segur. Similar in characteristics.

M-4. CHATEAU PICQUE CAILLOU (Graves) .. 29.50
First introduced to this wine by Jean Delmas, Managing
Director of Chateau Haut Brion. Typical Graves, good body,
priced well under its true class.

M-5A CHATEAU ST. PIERRE (St. Julien) 32.75
Ath growth 1855 classification. Vinification has improved.
Outstanding value for those who want superb wine and can
comfortably forego a famed vineyard name on label.

M-6 CHATEAU DE PEZ (St. Estephe) 34.95
Like Chateau Fourcas-Dupré, this vineyard was also singled
out by the Time-Life book “Wines & Spirits” to be among
those growths that have proven so outstanding over the past
decade that they deserve to be ranked with the ‘Grand Cru’
1855 classification.

M-9 CHATEAU GREYSAC (Medoc) 34.50
A ‘sleeper. From an astonishingly fine Medoc vineyard
proudly owned by Georges Hereil, creator of the Caravelle
airplane, and now President of Simca. His dedication to
excellence is reflected in this long-lived, noble wine.

M-12 CHATEAU GRAND PUY LACOSTE

(Pauillac) 39.95
‘Grand Cru.’ Puy means ‘high point.’ Full-bodied, excellent.
M-14 CHATEAU MALESCOT ST. EXUPERY
(Margaux) ; 41.75
In same exalted 3rd Growth 1855 classification as ‘Palmer’
and ‘Calon Segur.’ Rich for a Margaux because of high Caber-
net Sauvignon ratio, nevertheless, retains its distinguished
elegance. Another ‘sleeper’ priced well below its true value.

If Acquired

1970 VINTAGE (cont'd) NOW
M-15 CHATEAU L’ANGELUS (St. Emilion) 41.75
No. Case

A ‘Grand Crw’ of St. Emilion in the classic tradition. Due to
the outstanding success of the Merlot grape in 1970, the
wines of St. Emilion and Pomerol were particularly out-
standing, and L’Angelus is among the best. Full, rich and
long lived.

M-13. CHATEAU LA LAGUNE (Haut Medoc) 44.75
Located only a 10 minute drive north of the city of Bordeaux,
the vineyard was replanted after the severe frosts of 1956.
It is now producing wines of exceptional quality combining
the finesse of a Margaux with the fullness and style of the
best Graves. A ‘troisieme Cru’ in 1855 and a ‘best buy’ for
the 1970s. Z

M-20A CHATEAU DUHART MILON ROTHSCHILD

(Pauillac) 49.00
Adjacent to Chateau Lafite, sharing the same proprietor,
Baron Elie de Rothschild. The Baron is sufficiently proud of
the wine which is produced at this 1855 classification vine-
yard to motivate him to add his name to the label. Elegance
and depth are beautifully harmonized.

M-39 CHATEAU CALON SEGUR (St. Estephe) ...... 49.00
The Marquis of Segur-Calon, owner of Chateau Lafite, La-
tour and Calon Segur in the 18th Century once said, “I
make wine at Lafite and Latour, but my heart is at Calon.”
Full, masculine, and long lived in the best style of St.
Estephe.

M-17 CHATEAU DUCRU BEAUCAILLOU

(St. Julien) ee See 49.50
Beaucaillou means ‘beautiful pebbles’-—the characteristic of
this stony vineyard that gives the wine its unique richness
and style.

M-23 CHATEAU BELAIR (St. Emilion)............ 49.50
Owned by Chateau Ausone, and matured in the Chateau
Ausone cellars. Difficult to distinguish them. Deep in color,
round.

M-26 CHATEAU PAPE CLEMENT (Graves) .......... 49.50
Founded in 1300 by the Archbishop of Bordeaux who later
became Pope Clement V—thus the name of this famous
vineyard. A superb wine of great style and charm.

M-24 CHATEAU BOUSCAUT (Graves).................. 49.75
There are 12 ‘Grand Crw’ classified vineyards in Graves,
among which Chateau Haut Brion reigns supreme. In this
noble class can be found Chateau Bouscaut—a wine that
develops more quickly than a comparable Medoc, yet still
retains the virtues of long life. Even a 1928 Bouscaut tastes
virile today.

M-28 CHATEAU TALBOT (St. Julien).................: 53.50
A bit fuller bodied, perhaps, than a typical St. Julien. Talbot
is owned by the negociant firm of Cordier and produces ex-
ceptionally fine wines—clean and well balanced.

M-29 CHATEAU MOUTON-BARON PHILIPPE .. 54.95
This vineyard was formerly part of Chateau Mouton-
Rothschild, and then was separated in about 1800. The pro-
prietor is the same—Baron Philippe de Rothschild. An
excellent ‘Grand Cru’—a bit lighter than Mouton, but of the
same noble heritage and breed. Extraordinary opportunity
here to acquire a true classic for a relatively modest invest-
ment.

M-29A CHATEAU FIGEAC (St. Emilion)................ 54.95
When the proprietor looks out of his window, he overlooks
the vines of Cheval Blane, which is directly next door. In
the same style as Cheval Blane, it is robust, well-rounded,
and of great depth and longevity. Much sought after and hard
to come by.

 

    
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

= =

ag ¢ Oe

heagint COT

« vert
gay

pati)

we “ ce
sere vt axle trae
gé a Sti 4 atte

a

Tt

EE Ee DY

siete test ero
RESO Ne wt eter Spry
80 tae heer ae 3
"

te
TT gy San ty

“Rey
TO ape |

in, “HO am tay
XY “Sb.
Hel sin
