ie a ae
ee eee

a #UGG.t

surprise is experienced by a wine loving adult when he gets an

assortment of wines—each representing a separate adventure—in

a handsome and useful wine rack. You can make your own selec-

tion of 12 bottles and send them in the James Beard Wine Rack

(add $4.95 )—or, even easier, you can choose among the Marples

selection from Beaujolais, the Bolla selection from Italy, or the

The year 1971 reached a new high mark in the cultural explosion Baron Philippe de Rothschild red wine group from Bordeaux.

that has taken place so dramatically in the world of food and wine. Fach of these three assortments is housed in a handsome wine rack

There are many reasons but the basic ones are—exposure to Euro- and we happily report that there is no added charge for the rack

pean and California wines through jet travel, increased leisure to which will remain in the household as a useful and attractive con-
pursue hobbies as the work week gets shorter, the stimulating tainer, long after its intriguing bottles are consumed.

effect of the vast literature on the subject in books, magazines, and Our knowledgeable staff, dedicated to service, are eager to help
newspapers. Perhaps, most of all, wine is enjoyable. People get to you—whether it be during your visit to our shop, over the tele-

ras ue after pee tasted it, and there is no ‘going back to the phone, or whether you prefer arm-chair shopping by simply filling
arm’ once you have experienced a Haut Brion, Chambertin or out the enclosed order form.

Scharzhofberger.
TO A GAY AND FESTIVE HOLIDAY SEASON!

In addition to the joy and taste pleasures that wine bestows, we do
genuinely believe that “a modest sum invested in wine will grow
in value much faster than the same sum will yield in the bank,
even at 6% interest—and, in addition to the financial advantages,
you will get emotional dividends that cannot be measured by the
Dow-Jones index but are equally valid.”

The holiday season fast approaches. Many of us are beginning to
think about which wines and spirits should be given as gifts. It is
not necessary that your selection be the most costly—as a matter of
fact, substituting thought and imagination in choosing may pro-
vide greater pleasure to the recipient than a more expensive selec-
tion. This catalogue was created out of that belief and we do hope
that browsing through its pages will prove rewarding not only to
the recipient of your gift, but will bring pleasurable imbibing to
your own table.

Would you like your gift to give your friends the same kind of
emotional surprise and adventure that was experienced when they
found the prize in the Cracker-Jack box when they were younger?
Based on our observations, the same kind of delightful sense of

SHERRY- LEHMANN, INC.

WINE & SPIRITS MERCHANTS
679 Madison Ave. At 61 St., New York, N. Y. 10021 - TEmpleton 8-7500 =

 
