    

The round, ruddy faced growers of the

  
 
 

 

    
 
  

proud wine villages in Beaujolais and

1e eh
es ie y .
(e> |
. ye “f
oe ;

. @ quite enough and a full bottle usually
( yt too much. So they have devised a grace-
; 5 d ( ( ful, “in-between” bottle fondly called
“Pot” which we present in the GREAT

& @

© Pouilly gts

“Here are some of the most delightful, fruity and full wines Virilgge
from the Beaujolais and Powilly Fuisse districts that I have

ever tasted—the whites have an unequalled fruitiness,
mouthfilling fullness and balance—the red have great fi-

nesse, good color, and perfume of the fruit—1959s that are
delightful now and yet have a good future’, states Alexis

Lichine, internationally famous wine authority and the man A
: who selected these wines after many days of tasting at the RRIVES
E vineyard. an tis

No. RED WINES C: JASSIC
\ VA

Pouilly have made a most important

  

   
   
   
   

discovery. Their beloved wines are con-
sumed so enthusiastically by thirsty

Frenchman that a half bottle is never

  
  
   
   
 
   
  
 
     
 
    
     

1959 VINTAGE.

 
   
  
  

   

230 COTE DE BROUILLY 1959 (Estate bottled, Chanrion )

Brouilly is typical Beaujolais, full of mouthfilling freshness and roundness. This fine

estate bottled Cote de Brouilly is especially characteristic.

237 FLEURIE, LES MORIERS, 1959 (Estate bottled, Mousset) 0) le
Fleurie is always tops among typical Beaujolais; light, fresh, fruity, with a perfumed The Grackiul- “in-between
quality rarely achieved in red wine. bottle” holding a generous 17
ounces — not as large as the

regular bottle, but almost 50%

241 MOULIN A VENT, BURDELINES, 1959 (Estate bottled, Mousset) ). 7. than the half bottle.

Perfect color, excellent bouquet. Its prime quality is its perfect balance—from the best

 

vineyard land of Beaujolais.
WHITE WINES
446 BEAUJOLAIS BLANC 1959 (Estate bottled, M. Robert ) You <>
Unequal fruitiness, a perfectly composed wine, full, without being overly dry, very fine— jes
rivals the best of the Pouillys. C Lolt=

| Rt rs,
ak 323 POUILLY FUISSE, REISSIER, 1959 (Estate bottled, Mathias ) The ne Bor

A classic 1959 Pouilly with a typical green-gold color. Pronounced bouquet, a happy 4 SoS them yee »f C3
on {z= E= yf 12

combination of power and finesse.

 

 

P T ty-One ASSORT ANY 12 BOTTLES AT $17.95 THE CASE,
.. Page Twenty-
