Food and wine have been inseparable, delightful com-
panions throughout recorded history. A good chef
must appreciate fine wines, just as the wine merchant
should be sensitive to the subtle and creative aspects
of good cooking. Based on this belief, we have not
limited the theme of this brochure solely to wine and
spirits, but have broadened its range, and, we think,
rightly so, to incorporate a galaxy of vivid photo-
graphs, in full color, of noble foods, whether they be
raw vegetables, good bread or well prepared meat.

This decision was inspired by a book, “The Treasury
of Outdoor Cooking”, written by our good friend and
associate at Sherry’s, James Beard. We were shown an
advance copy of this really remarkable work about
two months ago by Jerry Mason, President of Ridge
Press, the publishers. We were delighted by the text,
the outstanding photographs and the excellent art re-

  
   
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
  

productions. Immediately we asked Mr. Mason for
permission to adapt some of the beautiful color illus- |
trations as part of our annual FALL SALE. We were
elated when we received an affirmative answer and the
result is the brochure which you now hold in your
hand—a tribute to the happy harmony of food and
drink.

 

James Beard, has often been referred to by the press
as “King of the American Food Experts”. Many of
you know him through our shop, his excellent gastro-
nomic writings, or from his monthly articles on wine
in “House & Garden”. Within the pages of his new
book, you will find hundreds of recipes and menus,
each dish developed or refined by Mr. Beard’s creative
skill in the culinary arts. Certainly, it is the kind of
volume that you will want to keep in your living room
and use in your kitchen, it is a book to browse through
leisurely, enjoying the beautiful color photography of
John Stewart, the dozens of gay, delightful paintings
by Helen Federico, the reproductions of great art mas-
terpieces, and finding intriguing ideas to create mar-
vellous new dishes for both outdoors and indoors.
This delightful book includes excellent discussions on
wine, cocktails and general entertaining.

We owe a special debt of gratitude to the Ridge Press
and the Golden Press for their kindness in granting us
permission to adapt the beautiful photographs of this
book to our brochure. Available at leading book stores
($9.95 Pre-Publication Price).

 

The picture you see was not photographed in the ancient vaults of some Chateau
in France, but right here in New York—in the cool underground cellars of Sherry’s
that have been in existence for over a century and only recently rediscovered by our
associate, Jack Aaron.

   
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
    
 
  
 
 
 
     

The cellars, medieval in character, with handsome stone vaulted arches and cobble-
stone floors, are the equal of the best we have seen in Europe because of the 45
foot depth below the earth and the even temperature maintained throughout the
year.

The wines and spirits that are being offered in this “Fall Sale” are presently resting
in these cellars, ready to add joy to your Autumn and Holiday living.

LONG ISLAND (Also Brooklyn, Queens,

Same dav delivery service WESTCHESTER, AND —_ Bronx & Richmond)
IN TOWN upon aes (No sie PARTS OF ROCKLAND & ORANGE melee:
No charge for delivery within United Parce
UP STATE Service delivery zone—usually delivered with-

 

Free delivery Service on orders over in 24 hours. You can now rely on all the year
$45; otherwise add $3 minimum Rail round United Parcel Service delivery to the
way Express charge for each shipment. Hamptons and most of northern Westchester.

A corner of our Century Old Cellars
Page Two... ae
