7

#

ey

S
~
\

Er

NOLLOAS

hour or so in the refrigerator. When ready to serve, sprinkle
with chopped parsley or paprika and serve surrounded by
Melba toast or cocktail crackers. Or serve it with a bowl of
iced raw vegetables, such as celery curls, raw carrot strips,
cucumber slices, cauliflower flowerets, radishes or tender
young scallions. Everyone will enjoy himself and there will
be no need of anyone to keep rushing back and forth to the
kitchen for replenishments. You'll find this simple hors
d’oeuvre a friendly companion to most any cocktail or high-

ball, or even better, with champagne served as an aperitif.

Here's a ‘quick and easy’ which may be served with cocktails
or with a luncheon salad or for a buffet supper. Mix a batch
of your favorite biscuit recipe or biscuit mix and add chopped
watercress and chopped chives to the mixture. Cut the rolled
out dough with a very small cutter and bake the biscuit just
before you wish to serve them (you may mix them in advance
and arrange the biscuits in pans and keep them in the refrig-
erator until you are ready to bake them). Split the baked
biscuit while hot and butter them lavishly and place thin
slices of Virginia ham between the halves, Serve them with
a good cocktail and your popularity as a host or hostess

will soar. Better make a double batch just to be safe.

Random Observations:- Jeanne Owen, Executive Secretary of
the Wine and Food Society, announces that the first tasting for
the season will take place October 4th, at the Waldorf Astoria
and will feature ‘Aperitif wines and hors d’oeuvre’ ... Amazed
at the energy and creativity displayed by our associate, Jack
Aaron, as he busily supervised the construction of our new
shop during the hot summer months ... Just tried the Chateau
Haut Brion 1945, both red and white - those who will be lucky
enough to have either of these wines in their cellars several
years hence, will surely be holding liquid treasure .,. The
growing enthusiasm generated by our popular Glen Alan
Scotch (it certainly helps keep the cost of living down to be
able to serve a scotch as good as this one for only $4.78 the
bottle) ... Gratification at seeing that French wines, unlike
most articles of sustenance, do not vary particularly from
their pre-war prices ... Delighted at seeing that Rhine and
Moselles of top-flight quality are at last reaching America.

SHERRY WINE AND SPIRITS CO., Inc.

From My Desk:- Ken Dean's expression after he has sold a
Comte de Moucheron Montrachet or a Romanee Conti (Ken
only likes to sell the things that he really enjoys himself)...
The pleasant reactions to our ‘Summer Hints on Dining and

Wining’ and your flattering remarks about them ... Sam
Aaron, psychologist turned wine merchant, knitting his brow
while writing captions and thinking of illustrations for this
catalog ... Customers staring incredulously at our biggest
bottle of Champagne (the Rehoboam - equal to six ordinary
bottles) ... The velocity at which Champagne splits are now
selling (many have learned how useful it can be to keep
several in the refrigerator for unexpected guests) ... The
enthusiastic approval with which customers and friends
have greeted the new shop (confidentially, we all like it too)
... Our friend, Crawford Norris, is again importing Romary
biscuits, so perfect with wines ... We sadly learn from Nino
Lo Savio that the supply of Dom Perignon 1928 Champagne
will probably be exhausted before Christmas (however, he
thinks the successor, Dom Perignon 1934 will remove the
sadness) ... Was intrigued by my visit to the Bols Liqueur
Distilleries (somehow, watching cordials being made is
reminiscent of all those wonderful medieval tales of
alchemy and secret fprmulas).

Department of Pet Obsessions:- I react with violence to

the expression ‘cooking wine’. If the food you eat and the

wine you drink is good, why should you use an inferior wine
for cooking? If one uses wine in cooking to enhance the
flavor, is it not true that a good wine will have a superior
flavor to aninferior one? In cooking, as in everything else,
the result of your efforts will be no better than the ingre-
dients that you use. If you use inferior materials and give
it careless preparation, it will be no better than ordinary.
Do not be misled by some of the food authorities who
perpetuate the legend of ‘cooking wine’. It might be a good
idea to even use the wine you are drinking for dinner that
night in your cooking.

Just as experimentation is the life breath of advancement in

science, so experimentation and the discovery of new combina-
tions of food and wine are the creative agents in the advance-
ment of good dining. After much trial and error, certain
combinations have worked particularly well for me and I pass

them on to you as possible worthwhile suggestions.

New Shop Directly Opposite Previous Location

oa SECTION

ZTE

And Wb

LOY

*

 
