MEDIOCRE AND POOR YEARS ARE OMITTED

All indications point to a great year, particularly among white wines which
are exceptionally full flavored.

Excellent for red and white Burgundy. Poor in white Bordeaux. Apt to be
overlooked, because it is sandwiched between two great years.

A very great year. May possibly exceed 1929 in both Bordeaux and Bur-
gundy. Will be expensive because of low yield. Perfect year for laying
down. Alsatians, white Burgundies, and the lighter red wines are ready for
present drinking.

A great year for all wines. Will prove the equal of 1937. Best values on
the market. Regional reds and all whites ready for drinking now. The
great reds need a little more boitle age.

A very good year, but not quite the equal of 1943; relatively better in
white Bordeaux and red Burgundy.

A good year in Bordeaux, but doubtful in Burgundy. Clarets are well bal-
anced, but rather light, and represent exceptional value for immediate
drinking.

A satisfactory year, but not particularly distinguished.

A very great year in all French wine growing districts. The great wines are
now fully matured and at their peak. Because of scarcity, likely to be
expensive, but really worth the price to those who want truly great wines.

Great. Those from the best vineyards are magnificent. The lesser vineyards
have passed their peak and are getting too old.

Great in red Burgundy, provided it is a top vineyard. Avoid lesser vineyards

since they might prove too old.

Very great, but be careful of your selection. Stick to first growth Clarets
and only the best Burgundy vineyards, else they will be too old.

CHAMPAGNES — the vintage years currently being shipped from the great
Champagne houses are °34, °37, °41, and °42. The °43s will be the next successor.
A little °28 is still arriving.

ALSATIAN, RHINE, MOSELLE—The best years are °47, °46, °45, °43, °42. Some of
the °37 is still great.

Editor’s Note:—James Beard, one of our associates at Sherry Wine & Spirits Co., Inc.,
has devoted most of his life to a careful study of food and wine. He has written
several leading books on the subject including, ‘Cook It Outdoors’ and ‘Hors d’Oeuvre
and Canapes’. He has also written numerous articles on the subject of food and wine
for leading magazines and newspapers. He particularly likes chatting about wining
and dining and he would enjoy your dropping in to discuss any question related
to this subject.

Now that the summer slip covers are off the furniture, the drapes
are hung, the silverware newly shined, we can turn to the address
book with a clear conscience and start our Fall entertaining. If
you would rather defer dinners until the season is more advanced,
the ideal solution for launching Fall festivities is the informal
cocktail party. It is one of the most delightful forms of hospitality
and readily permits a mutual exchange of experiences among
your friends who perhaps have not seen each other since the
Spring. Cocktail parties can be gay and delightful without being
elaborate and expensive. The prime requisites are good drinks

and something pleasant to munch while your friends are chatting.

There is no need to raid all the delicacy shops in town when a few
simple things made at home can prove even more interesting and
certainly more entertaining and individual.

Here are a few suggestions for simple and delicious hors d’oeuvre
that will remove ‘running to the kitchen’ anxiety and will actually
be more fun than the usual drink accompaniments.

THE DE LUXE. DUNKING BOWL:- Mash a half pound of cream
cheese with a fork and beat it until creamy. Add, gradually,
beating each addition well, four or five tablespoons light cream
to thin the consistency of the cheese. Drain two small cans of
anchovy fillets and chop them rather coarsely and add to the
cheese mixture with two tablespoons of finely chopped parsley
and two tablespoons of finely chopped pickled onions. Mix

thoroughly and heap the mixture in a serving dish and chill for an

 
