   
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
   
 
 
  
  

~ WILD TURKEY \

 

STRAIGHT BOURBON .: .- -

UDUBON drew it...the great, golden bronze
bird...so American, that Benjamin
Franklin urged its adoption as our national

symbol...thanks to conservation, this indigenous
American bird survives until today ...can outrun a
galloping horse... hunters testify to its sagacity ...
turkey scouts peer from the underbrush to check if
it is safe for the flock to cross the path...the Tom
wild turkey is the undisputed master of his harem
...in pioneer days, the wild turkeys were so plenti-
ful that the sound of their wings was no less noisy
than the jets flying over Queens... civilization
encroached, and not too many remain in the land...
but we happily report that WILD TURKEY
BOURBON is still among us.

WHY 101 PROOF? — In the “good old days” Bour-
bon was barreled at sipping proof which was slightly
above 100 proof.

WHY 8 YEARS OLD ?- Four years may be a good
Bourbon age — but the experts who remember the
pre-prohibition days claim, almost unanimously, that
truly fine Bourbon must be 8 Years Old — and the
evidence of our blind tastings incline us to agree.

WHERE IS WILD TURKEY DISTILLED?—0On the
very spot where Bourbon was first invented — the
very heart of the Louisville-Bardstown whiskey belt
in Kentucky.

WHY IS IT MORE EXPENSIVE THAN OTHER
BOURBONS? — Every detail —the selection of
grain, distillation, aging in barrel, and bottling, is
given the kind of careful supervision that is normally
reserved for the handling of fine works of art.

"Freedom and whisky ang thecither”
(Robert Burrs)

Clenpiddich

urblerded 16 year ofA
single mal Scotch Whithes
1482 digttlotion

This 16 year old angle malt Scotch Whitky rencrned

many original cork hom 19$2 until twas
withdrawn for bottling in 1 463
Produced and bottled buy the family firm of
William Grant ¥ Som, Linated
at Glenfiddich Distillery, Dufflewr, Scothand

Discovered in Scotland lor
Sherry4- Lehmann, Inc., N.Y.

 

WHY ARE WE PUTTING IT ON SALE?
—A fine Bourbon is a native product about
which America can feel proud — it com-
petes with rare old Cognac and a superb
aged, unblended Scotch. We think our
clientele should be aware of its virtues. We
know of no better way of doing this than by
tempting you by offering it at a dramatic
reduction. Don’t overlook this unique Bour-
bon opportunity. This sale offering expires
May 3rd. Phone or write for quotations
buy your Summer and Fall needs now —
and save.

  
   

  

  

t

SIRAIGHT BOURBON WHI

Se Austin.Nichols € Co, -==

MEW YORK -NEW YORK =

 

   

Mr. Charles Gordon, chairman of the historic Glenfiddich all-malt distillery
has been nursing in his cellars seven barrels of unblended single malt
whisky. These barrels represent the finest expression of the distiller’s art.
Evaporation, due to 16 years of long aging, has reduced each barrel to
50% of the contents.

During Mr. Gordon’s recent visit to New York, he permitted our tasting
committee to appraise a sample. The findings were unanimous, “best
Scotch Whisky we have ever run across — extraordinary character, depth
of flavor and balance. Will hold its own with the glories of Cognac and can
easily pass the after-dinner brandy inhaler test. Amazing — wonderful.”
Here you see the seven barrels aging — and also a specimen label. The
Seotch will not reach us until mid-June. There will only be a few cases.
Should you be interested in acquiring any, please phone for a quotation
it will not be as high as you might anticipate and we suggest that
you reserve now because the small supply will surely be gone long before
next Autumn.

 

 

4 aie

SKE

    
          
   
 
 
   
   
  
   
  

  

c
