    

Mann,
! flavor

© volur

Ie Cog
‘ages,
 hund
sh Co
be gi
tail h

08 pag

at h
Wen
its |
differ
of
uty a

n tol

venti

   

 

   
     
   
 
 
 
   
  
  
 
  
  
   
   
  
  
  
  

BURGUNDY lovers cannot ignore these fantastic 1966s—why?
We know that Vintage Charts proclaim the 1967 as a failure—
and, alas! the 1968 is even proving more disastrous! The

Burgundians now consider their ’66s the only precious jewels
that remain in their cellars.

These wine gems are doled out slowly, usually to favored
clients; and the prices quoted reflect their scarcity and ex-

—BRURGUNDIES

cellence. We shudder to think of the astronomic heights some
of these wines will reach a year from now.

In support of our enthusiasm for the red Burgundies of the
1966 Vintage, we quote from “Wines and Spirits” just pub-
lished by Time-Life Books, Inc., “Outstanding year. Great
fragrance, fruit, and superb balance. Will prove to be a better
year than ’64 or ’59. Shows remarkable promise of longevity.”

SAVIGNY LAVIERES, Dubreuil....

Light, fresh, fruity, quick maturing. Can be enjoyed immediately.
CHASSAGNE MONTRACHET
ROUGE, Ramonet-Prudhon........

Intriguing ‘gout de terroir’ taste. A ‘best buy’ in red Burgundy.
ALOXE CORTON, Tollot-Beaut....

Delicate, good nose, maturing early. Drink within the next 5 years.

BEAUNE GREVES, Mme. Duchet...

‘Greves’ is best vineyard of Beaune. Remarkable balance and grace.
Long-lived.

FIXIN CLOS NAPOLEON, Gelin...

Little-known, therefore among best values in fine Burgundy. Comparable
in character and quality to the better vineyards of Gevrey-Chambertin.

VOSNE-ROMANEE, Mugneret.....

From a vineyard only a three minute walk from La Tache, Richebourg
and Romanee-Conti. Breed, elegance, balance, and fine bouquet are the

distinguishing characteristics.

BLESSED 1966 VINTAGE

TiN) CHARDONNAY .......,...

Made from the same grape as used in the famous white Burgun-
dies, this wine possesses the same unmistakable flavor and dry
finish but not the fullness of its more expensive neighbors. A
wine that needs no occasion—a price that needs no second
thought.

iaeiie LA FORET £27) 2.2...
Estate Bottled, Vocoret
From some of the best vineyard land in Chablis from a grower of
impeccable reputation.

DE A ius se
Estate Bottled, Jos. Matrot

High quality and real distinction; green-gold in color, full bodied,
well balanced, and attractively dry.

ete VAIOIUR 2.
Estate Bottled, Droin
Eight tiny vineyards deserve the appellation ‘‘Grand Cru’’—one of

them is Valmur. This estate bottled beauty, from one of the better
growers, is priced astonishingly low.

CHASSAGNE MONTRACHET .....

Estate Bottled, Ramonet

Even a village wine in the hands of the Ramonet family becomes
a thing of beauty. We have visited the Ramonets often and we
can only say that no one in Burgundy matches their white wine

skill.

GEVREY CHAMBERTIN, Gelin....

Gelin owns some of the bert vineyard land in this extraordinary wine

commune. Our tasting not’ read, ‘exceptional power, obviously long-
lived, great class’.

POMMARD RUGIENS, Lejeune... ..

Soft, well-balanced, color medium, very fruity, much breed.

NUITS ST. GEORGES, LES
PERDRIX, Mugneret..............

Mugneret cultivates this 8 acre ‘first growth’ vineyard magnificently.
Generous, soft, well-balanced, firm, fuller in body than most Burgundies.

For the greatest dry white wines of the world, one
must look to Burgundy. We particularly salute the
great ’66s—wines of fantastic breed, airy lightness,
and extraordinary bouquet.

MEURSAULT CHARMES ..........

The recent TIME-LIFE wine book gives the high classification
“Great” to only three vineyards in Meursault — and Charmes is
among the three. Soft, round, haunting bouquet with scent of
violets. Half bottles at 2.89 each, 51.50 case.

PULIGNY MONTRACHET
COMBEUIES j46) 4). il ea
Estate Bottled, Sauzet
Perhaps less exalted than Montrachet or Batard Montrachet, but

nevertheless admirable and a truly great white Burgundy. De-
serves its accepted classification — “Great.”

CORTON CHARLEMAGNE ........
Estate Bottled, Bonneau de Martray
When Corton Charlemagne is good, it is classed with the illus-
trious Montrachet. Great breed, and steelier than most white
Burgundies. The slopes are the steepest in Burgundy and must
be tended by hand since horses and oxen cannot climb here.
Remarkable, scarce and excellent.

BATARD MONTRACHET .........
Estate Bottled, Ramonet

Dry, yet rounded; great elegance and breed and a haunting, cap-
tivating bouquet. Half bottles available at 3.64 each, 82.50 case.

  
