    
       
     
     
   
     
     
     
    
      
   
   
       
   
   
   
   
     
    
    
   
   
      
    
     
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
    
     
     
      
     
   
   
 
    
   
   
     
     
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
     
      
        
    
    
    
    
   
   
    
    
     
   
     
   
   
   
   
     
   
   
   
   
   
   
    
    
   
   
   
    
    
   
    
    
    
    
    
    
   
     
   
    
     
    
     
    
      
    
    
   
    
    
   
   
   
   
   
    
    
   
    
      
   
    
     
     
     
     
    
    
    
   
   
 

 

NOTE: Many of you are familiar with
James Beard, either through our shop, his
previous writings in our catalogs, or his two
classic cookbooks ‘Cook It Outdoors’ and
‘The Fireside Cook Book’ (incidentally, the
latter published by Simon & Schuster has
now sold over 100,000 copies). He is now
busily engaged in completing still another
book on wine and food. We hope you find
these comments by James Beard interesting
and helpful.

Browsing among my wine tasting notes,
which I had accumulated during the past
two years, both in France and locally, I
quite suddenly became aware that the num-
ber of wines that I have tasted during this
period reaches well over the thousand
mark. Some of those that I tasted were
poor, many were acceptable but not distin-
guished, and a certain number bore the
hallmark of distinction. I believe I have
tasted over 80% of the wines and spirits
listed among these pages. I think it might
be of interest to you if I singled out those
which particularly impressed me, either
because they were ‘big’ wines of unique
stature, or because they represented excep-
tional value in relation to their selling
price. I do know that you will find
none of the items on which I comment
below, of dubious or mediocre quality.
Here are a few that I have singled out for
one of these reasons — if any of you, simi-
larly, have run across favorites, and wish to
comment on any of the wines that I men-
tion here, please write me, care of the
shop. I will be happy to go further into
any matter that you raise. To happy tasting!

ty |
RJAU

Hochbheimer ubhaus 1949 of Ascl
The 1949s have been dubbed ‘the

Rhine wine vintage of the Century.’ This
particular wine demonstrates clearly the
virtues of this vintage. The lover of young
wines will find this Hochheimer an imme-
diate delight; and to the man who wishes
to lay his wine down for a few years, a
glorious wine will await him. An added
virtue is the relatively modest cost for a

wine of this stature. $24.75 the case.

 

greatest

Pp . i? i j AA
rrovence IkKOSs of Chateau de Viauvanne

To my taste, the pink wines from the
Cote de Provence near the French Riviera
are among the most delightful small wines
of France. This particular one, Chateau de
Mauvanne, is typical of the rosé wines of
the section. It has great charm, it is light,
it is pleasantly dry, and it is the most
accommodating wine you can serve, for it
will go with anything. It is a perfect
aperitif in the Spring and Summer as
well. $18.95 the case.

5 >

Chablis Preuses 19 This wine
interests me for two reasons. One, it is the
first of the 1949 Chablis we have received,
and secondly it is produced by the pro-
prietor whom I consider one of the finest
in the region. I have tasted this wine at
the Servins and feel that you have a rare
experience in store when you savor its
bouquet, and gather its refreshing quality
and its flintyness, which is so characteristic
of fine Chablis. Monsieur and Madame
Servin labor and slave long aud jate be-
cause they love to produce great wine.
They are perfectionists and the vine is
their life. $27.95 the case.
Malton Dr [wel ( (

Scotch. I happen to be a lover of un-
blended Scotch whisky. This particular one
—although it has a name you may never
have heard of, is well known in Scotland
as one of their best Highland Malts. It is
full flavored, aromatic, and rich in charac-
ter. $6.99 the bottle.

r

the Kesselstatt ts. The best Piesporter
I have ever tasted. Some of you are familiar
with this particular wine in the 1937
vintage which sold for 8.90 the bottle, and
justified its high cost. In my opinion, this
great 1947 is at least the equal and will
develop at least as well as its glorious,
costly predecessor. $41.00 the case

¢

4

a

     

To lovers of wines from the Loire Valley,
certainly this Anjou Natur from the old
established house of Ackerman Laurance
should prove attractive. And when you
consider the sensational price at which it
is offered, you will no doubt decide it will
help solve your summer drinking prob-
lems. It is an excellent wine for punches
and cups and for using with fruits during
the summer months. $16.95 the case. :

Cor More wine has been sold
under the name of Pommard than the
Pommard district can ever produce. An
authentic Pommard is not easy to come
by. Here, however, is an estate bottled
wine from one of the best vineyards of
Pommard. You will find it soft, charming
and possessed of fine color and bouquet.
$27.95 the case.

Here is an old familiar friend whom I
should not ignore in these columns. I have
been drinking Croyden Freres for at least
a decade and it has never let me down.
Delightfully blended from selected grapes
of the Champagne district, it possesses a
fine dry quality, freedom from excess
acidity, and exceptional bouquet and bal-
ance. Because of its modest price, which
makes it a real bargain, it is ideally suited
for summer drinking and for the engage-
ment and wedding parties which will be
coming along during the next month or
two. Incidently, when I serve this Cham-
pagne on a warm spring day, I frequently
put a dash of Cassis in each glass for
added gayety, interest, and color. $42.75
the case.

Pouilly Fuisse 1947 of Burrier. This be-
comes our fastest selling white Burgundy
during the Spring and Summer. The
Pouilly of Burrier is estate bottled and
demonstrates clearly the dry delicacy and
charm which a good Pouilly can achieve.
An opportunity to get a fine white Bur-
gundy of character for only $18.95 the
case.

1teau Mouton Roths bild Many
wine tasters consider the 1947 of Mouton
Rothschild as the greatest single Claret
produced in Bordeaux since the great
1929s. I have tasted this wine several
times, and carefully, and am quite in
agreement with this appraisal. Those of
you who want to drink Claret at its best
during the years ahead, should surely lay
down a case or two of this ‘wonder child.’
Available in bottle or Magnum at $46.75
the case. This wine now commands over
$40 the case at the vineyard.

I remember
vividly my visit to the great warehouses
and cellars of Francis Deluze. These same
cellars have been supplying the Bordeaux
needs of S. S. Pierce for almost a century.
Here is a wine merchant who is worthy of
the name. While there, I developed a fond
affection for his Chateau Paveil Deluze
which is produced at his vineyard and
bottled by him exclusively in his own
cellars. The 1945 is a good example. I
endorse this fine 45 for those who want
a Claret of character which will not make
too deep a dent in the budget. $19.95 the

case.

{ ¢ l i i)

I have had
frequent occasions during the last few
months to try this Four Year Old Straight
Bourbon in many different ways — over
rocks, with soda, straight, and as an
hioned. In every instance, it stood

a

up beautifully and was free of any rough-

ness which sometimes appears in mediocre

[:
tne

lc
old-fas

1¢

Bourbons. In my opinion this whiskey
h in the column of ‘good value.’

—

have long been on the look-out for a
good cognac which can be purchased be-
low $5 the bottle. I think, at last, I have
discovered it here. In spite of the price, do
not hesitate to serve this brandy to your
friends as an after dinner liqueur, or with

soda. $4.79 the bottle.

Kentucky Bonded
Perhaps you may think I am
going far afield in commenting on Bour-
bon. However, I have always considered
this distillate made in Kentucky, one of
the finest spirits available anywhere in the
world. This one is practically good enough
to serve as a liqueur. It was distilled in
1942, a time when one was able to care-
fully pick the grain used in distilling. It
remained eight years in barrel, thus remov-
ing all rough edges and imparting deli-
cacy and softness. As you know, these
eight year old bourbons are not easy to
come by, since whiskey of this advanced
age is practically unavailable on a com-
mercial level. Therefore, our advice is to
put some away, while you can still get it,
and appreciate it in the future. $7.95 the
bottle, $91.00 the case.

11 Haut Brion 1945. About a hun-
dred years ago Chateau Haut Brion en-
joyed international fame because it was
the residence of the Duke de Talleyrand.
Today, its fame rests on the quality of its
wines, both red and white. When I visited
the Chateau last Fall, I tasted the 1945 red
for the second time. I was surprised to
find it ready for drinking and a most
finished, well-rounded wine. Incidently,
the price of this wine has gone sky high
in Bordeaux, so I suggest buying now be-
fore replacement costs forces the cost up-
wards. $37.50 the case. (By the way, we
still have a few cases of the great Chateau
Haut Brion Blanc 1947, which is the best
dry white wine of Bordeaux and one of
the great white wines of the world, $34.75
the case.)

Vosne Rom: Beaumont 1947 of Noel-
lat. One of the most delightful experiences
of my recent Burgundian trip took place in
the cellars of Mme. Noellat, a woman well
schooled in the lore of the vine. I was
originally introduced to her vineyard by
Alexis Lichine, an American who spends
much of each year in Burgundy (his forth-
coming book, ‘Wines of France’ to be
published by Alfred Knopf this Spring
promises to be a wine classic.) I was par-
ticularly impressed by her Vosne Romanee
1947 which is fruity, rich, and possessed
of fine bouquet and magnificent after taste.
I am certain that a case or two of this in
your cellar, after a year or two, will yield
exceptional dividends. Probably, the equal
of any Burgundy produced during the
great 1947 vintage. $46.75 the case.

i lesheimer Hofstuck 1949 of Herr
Burklin-Wolf. Those of you who have
never tried a Palatinate wine are missing
one of the great white wine experiences.
Here is your opportunity to try a really
fine one without necessarily spending over
$5 the bottle, which is the price these
wines usually fetch. I am convinced that if
you try a bottle, you will want a case for
your springtime dining. $34.75 the case.
Chatea uf du Pape 1947 of Brotte &

ier. Here is another wine which I
consider good value for the money. It is
not a great wine nor does it pretend to be.
It is an honest wine from a good house
and is priced so that you can use it freely.
It will mature further within a couple of
years, but it is a very pleasant full wine
with a good bouquet as it now stands.
$16.95 the case. This same wine can also
be had in the 1937 Vintage at about $5.50
more the case.

new neighbor:

Many New Yorkers remember fondly
the historic Ritz Carlton Hotel and Carlton
House which stood until recently at Madi-
son Avenue and 46th Street. Long a land-
mark in the development of New York
City, the famed Carlton House is moving
north and soon will open its doors on
Madison Avenue between Glst and 62nd
Street (directly opposite our shop). It 1s
cheering news to learn that the manage-
ment and well trained staff, as well as its
superb dining room and the Ritz Men’s
Bar will continue to carry on in the tradi-
tion that has earned them so much acclaim.
We are happy to welcome as our new
neighbor this internationally famous
hostelry.
|

+

In

 

Cc

     
    
         
      
    
      

 

OA Se ESTO Ceca oe
