There were Fortnums in the Company itself—
referred to by their English cousins as ‘‘the
Indians’. After what we’ve been through
already, it will come as a surprise to no one that
they spelt their name Fortnom.

ye

(TG

   

EE eT?

But it wasn’t long before Fortnum & Mason
began to provide delicacies of a surprisingly con-
temporary kind. By 1788 they were selling
boned portions of poultry and game in aspic
jelly, decorated with lobsters and prawns; potted
meats; hard-boiled eggs in forcemeats (Scotch
eggs); eggs in brandy-soaked cake with whipped
cream; mince pies, savoury patties and fruits
fresh and dried—‘‘all decorated and prepared so
as to require no cutting’.

Already, they were building up a distinguished
clientele. In Pall Mall lived the Princess Dowager
of Wales, the Duke of Cumberland, the Earls of
Orford and Egmont, Earl Temple, the Countess
of Waldegrave and the Lords Sandwich and
Godolphin. In St. James’s Square, the Dukes of
Norfolk, Cleveland and Leeds. In Cleveland
\ow, the mansions of the Duke of Bridgewater,
General Harvey, Sir William Musgrave and the
offices of the Secretary of State. And then came
the Napoleonic wars, to set trade booming for
tailors and breeches-makers, saddlers and har-
ness-makers and other craftsmen called upon by
officers posted abroad. These officers also called
plaintively, upon Fortnum & Mason.

?

  
 
  
   

  

In those days an army on foreign service lived
from hand to mouth, no systematic rationing
having been devised. It was 120 years or so
before the N.A.A.F.I, came into existence, to
provide rich delicacies for the fighting man. In
the meantime, Fortnum & Mason took the strain.

 

Many were the desperate appeals that came

from Spain, from Wellington’s hungry officers.
“I beg you to send me out hams, tongues, butter
and cheese... .’’ ‘Candles are articles dread-
fully in request and you have sent none. Tallow
is not to be had, and wax is three dollars a
pound. ...’’ ‘‘No news yet of your hams, which
I must regret, for my housekeeping is now
ruinous. Sugar and butter 5/- a pound. My last
week’s bills were 62 dollars!”’

The great extension of Fortnum & Mason’s
preserves dates from this time. Honey, dried
fruits, spices and cereals were well suited to
campaigning needs, and were even advertised in
The Times. This short tone poem appeared in
the issue of December 30th, 1817:—

NEW PORTUGAL PLUMS, Tours Plums,

and French Dried Pears. Fortnum & Mason

take the earliest opportunity of informing
their Friends that these FRUITS have been
landed, are in great perfection, and may be

   
  
   
 
 
  
  
 
 
   
 
    
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
    
    
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
   

 

 
