 

and dimensions, were carried into the Ashanti
capital of Coomassie on the heads of native
porters when it was captured by Sir Garnet
Wolseley in 1873, with the name of Fortnum &
Mason plain for all to see.

Officers going to join General Buller in the
Transvaal had become so used to confiding their
wants to the firm that inquiries came in for the
supply of boots capable of standing up to the
prickly rigours of the African veldt. The result
was the development of a specially pliable leather,
and Fortnum’s campaign footwear soon came to
be in great demand.

While the thin red lines were doing their bit,
however, in the far-flung outposts of the Empire,
an exceedingly good time was being had by those
who were lucky enough to remain at home.

The University Boat Race, Ascot, the Eton
and Harrow match at Lords, Henley Regatta,
yachting at Cowes—whenever there was a de-
mand for gracious living in the open air Fortnum
& Mason were ready with hampers, filled with
luxuries beyond compare.

The rapid development of canning added greatly
to the range of foods available and nothing
speeded up the development of canning more
than the arrival in London, one June morning
in 1886, of an alert-looking young man called

Mr. Heinz.

   
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
   
 
   
    
   
   
  
   
 
  
   
 
 
   
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
  

From America young Mr. Heinz had brought
with him five cases of such products as he
thought would appeal to the English taste. He
arrived at Fortnum’s in a_ horse-drawn cab,
made his sales-talk, and braced himself then for
the battle with English conservatism, about
which he had been darkly warned.

There was no battle. ‘“‘We’’, said Fortnum’s,
‘will take them all.’’ Subsequently, they made
Heinz foods so popular that Heinz opened a
branch house in London some nine years later.

In the midst of all this rush and bustle, the quietly
spoken gentlemen of Fortnum & Mason re-
mained calm. Work began at 7.45 a.m., when
the porters and other members of the staff who
lived in made their preparations for the day. By
Y a.m. all the partners were on duty in the lower
private counting house, occupied with the morn-
ing’s postal delivery. The senior assistants had
arrived and donned their swallow-tailed coats.
while the roundsmen—the junior shop assist-
ants—had set out to take orders at the many
stately residences of Mayfair, Belgravia, Bays-
water and Kensington. Other assistants went to
Buckingham Palace, Marlborough House and to
Clarence House, when the Duke and Duchess of
Edinburgh were in residence. They would
return with some surprisingly modest orders
from the Queen—‘‘Two pots Marmalade, 1/8d.”’
—‘Four Bottles of Oil, at 2/6d.’’ The Prince of
Wales, later Edward VII, did rather better with
regular orders for such delicacies as Apricot Pulp,
and Parmesan and Gruyere cheese.

In the afternoons the shop would be crowded
by the aristocracy, both foreign and home-grown,
making personal purchases of caviar, paté de foie
gras, Perigord pies, guava jelly, Spanish hams,
boar’s head, truffles, mangoes, Chinois, and
Carlsbad plums.

On the morning of Derby Day the whole staff
would be on duty at 4 a.m., in preparation for
the great retinue of coaches that would start to
queue in Piccadilly to receive their hampers only

I
a few hours later.

High society was having a splendid time, despite

Se Ts

er ee rr re ee

ET ee

 
