    
   
   
   
   
     
   
   
   
      
     
   
     
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   

 
 

=>

visioning of domestics, guests and hangers-on
gaye an immense impetus to trade in the fast-
growing neighbourhood, quite apart from the
lavish entertaining of the nobility.

Naturally, with so many equipages around the
place, so many saddle horses, and pack and dray
horses for the transport of goods, there were
mews, stable-yards and coach houses everywhere.
While William Fortnum attended to the groceries
Hugh Mason lost no time in establishing Mason’s
stables in Mason’s Yard. Mason’s Yard can be
found just off Duke Street to this very day.

Fortnum & Mason was a going concern, but
it took two more generations before it really
began to get a grip on the luxury trade.

In 1761 Charles Fortnum, grandson of William,
entered the service of Queen Charlotte, shortly
after the succession of George III. At twenty-
three years of age, he received £10 5s. 3d.
per quarter: but this was only the beginning.
The perks of the royal footmen now included, in
addition to the candles, handsome quantities of
food, coals, house linen and wine, and, through
his fellow servants, Charles was able to introduce
still further business into the family concern.

The Palace servants were legion. There were
Gentlemen, Yeomen and Grooms of the Pantry,
of the Buttery and of the Cellar. There was a
Clerk of Spicery, with an Assistant and a Porter.
Even the Pastry department had its own Yeoman
and Groom. And Charles was always at hand to
assure them that if they wanted the right stuff,
he had it. ‘Things were going so well, in fact,
that by 1788 they were getting almost out of
hand. In that year Charles begged leave of Her
Majesty to retire, on the grounds of ill-health.
Some part of his infirmity may well have been
due to the fact that the current Mason, John,
who eventually became a partner, was now only
eighteen.

For another nineteen years Charles lent his
guiding hand to the business, then he sold it to
his son Richard, and to John Mason (the shares
being in the proportion of 75 to 25), for Charles
had been recalled to the Palace by the Queen.
He became Page of the Presence, a light-sounding
title for an elderly man, but in fact the page was

 

an important and responsible official, the equiva-

lent of an Equerry or Private Secretary today.

Three years later he was promoted to Groom of

the Chamber, so that he must have been much
in the confidence of the Queen, known and
respected by all who sought audience. It can
have done no harm at all to the flourishing
business in Piccadilly. Charles Fortnum was still
in the Royal service when he died. He was the
last of the Fortnums to hold an appointment at
the Palace. The others were going to be too busy
in Piccadilly from now on, supplying the world
with the world’s most fabulous foods.

DEER?

It was the East India Company that did most to
brighten up the early British menu, with spices
and condiments to give a lift to the straight roast
and boiled, although pepper had been imported
from the days of Henry II, in the middle of the
twelfth century, in the most staggering quanti-
ties. The feudal barons consumed pepper by the
ton, an appetite which may well have been the
cause of their tendency to settle arguments with
the sword.

From the East India Company came tea—
Green, Bohea, Congou and Hyson, together with
Gable Worm Seed, Dirty White Candy, Harts
Horn, Saffron, Black Ginger, Broken Nuttmeggs
and Glew—all that the gourmet could desire.
