  
 
    
 

   

  
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
   
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
   
  
 
  
  
   

oem —

ORT NUM &

gh | the fact that the ageing Queen was now living in
he | almost complete seclusion, and making some
He pretty sharp remarks about its goings-on from
ab), time to time. ‘Then she died, her son became
lor Edward VII, and London, under the inexhaus-
out tible guidance of His Majesty, became the gayest
city in the world, outstripping all previous
n’s, records in the way of picnics, parties and balls.
ade Fortnum’s, as ever, were there to take the
da strain. They now undertook the provision of food,
er wines, flowers, table requisites and decorations,
complete with chefs, butlers and footmen—a
complete service, from soup to nuts, including
eth; if need be toastmasters, musicians, whole Mason”’ on the top of a dress-box or inside a
ss, orchestras, and whatever else the heart might cardigan started to mean as much as it had always
hey desire. In 1908 they set up a new department meant on a chest of tea. Women’s fashion
who to provide camping and other equipment for departments: departments for children’s clothes,
By expeditions and cruises to all parts of the world. for kitchen-ware, for perfumes: these were some
ao Everything in the garden looked so lovely that of the benefits which Fortnum’s began to offer,
not even the Suffragettes could take the bloom as the years went by, to a grateful world.
. off it. One evening, round about six o’clock, a A fine new restaurant opened in 1956, so did
7 number of ladies headed by Miss Pankhurst the most modern of women’s hairdressing salons.
ot invaded Piccadilly and at a pre-arranged zero And in the same year the Fortnum & Mason
oe hour produced half-bricks from their muffs and memory stirred, went back two hundred years
th reticules and flung them savagely through all the and moved them to appoint their own Groom of
aad windows in sight, including the windows of the Pastry. Under him and his assistants, a
: : Fortnum & Mason. Fortnum & Mason replied private 6th-floor bakery now creates bread and
. : courteously by providing delicacies for the ladies patisserie worthy both of Fortnum’s and their
< ; after their subsequent confinement to Holloway customers.
eg Gaol.
ia Unfortunately, Miss Pankhurst’s half-bricks
” were only a foretaste of something far more
unpleasant. In 1914 Britain and Germany went So, in an uneasy world, all is still well at Fort-
e to war, thereby dividing History into two separate num’s. Never, again, it is true, will a baronet
Ps compartments—the good old days, and the sort in Berkeley Square pay a fiver for six dozen of
of things we’ve had to put up with ever since. the finest claret. Never again will a Maharajah
A pay £3 4s. 6d. for the pleasure of sending to a
~ lady a small memento consisting of six bottles of
tore champagne, a ham, a tongue, three tins of
However, even now we get good things among sardines, a box of fruits and a box of chocolates,
the bad: and one of them has been Fortnum’s and a pretty little basket of Turkish delight.
serene acceptance of a wider obligation to But at least we have the comfort of knowing
e sal humanity. that after 250 years ina changing world Fortnum
All through the 1914-1918 war the store was & Mason are still there in Piccadilly, still laying
art t0 growing in size. Between 1923 and 1925 it was out before us all the riches that the worl
only completely rebuilt. When the dust had cleared provides.
away, there were Fortnum & Mason, bigger and Let us hope that the world, in Fortnum &
better than ever—and with a whole set of brand- Mason’s next 250 years, will settle down, and
new departments. make it possible for us once again to order port
It was then, for instance, that ‘‘Fortnum & from Piccadilly by the pipe.

Produced by Colman Prentis & Varley Ltd., and printed by Chas. F. Ince & Sons Ltd.
