     

Bort
SAMAERS

(12 Half Bottles)

One each of the 12 different half bot-
tles checked (+) will add interest and
variety to your warm weather meals
white, red and pink wines that have
been selected for lightness, and easy,
pleasant qualities—buy this “Summer
Sampler” and save Would cost
$12.70 if purchased individually.

MIXED ASSORTMENT OF
AEE 2 EAE
BOTTLES

(12 Half Bottles )

There has been a growing demand for
truly fine wine in the half bottle
here are 12 Chateau bottled and Estate
bottled wines from great vineyards
that represent the best vinicultural
efforts of Kurope—one each of the 12
different half bottles that are starred
im: This thoroughbred collection
would cost $18.80 if purchased indi-
vidually,

MIXED ASSORTMENT OF
ALL 12 HALF
BOTTLES

One each of the 24. different half bot-
tles indicated on the opposite page
(you get the 12 checked (s) items
plus 12 starred ( ) items—a total of
24). This wide range would cost
$31.50 if the 24 different half bottles
were purchased individually.

MIXED ASSORTMENT OF
24 HALF
BOTTLES

meaeky WINE & SPIRITS CO., INC.

9 Madison Ave. ot Gist Si., NVC. 2!

The firm of Wisdom & Warter.
over a century old and one of
the great Jerez producers,
holds some of the best stocks
of aged sherry in Spain.

Here is an extraordinary op-
portunity to Spain’s finest (not
their ordinary) sherries...at
prices made possible only by
a gigantic acquisition...and
the entire savings are passed
on to you.

Only a few years ago each of
these wines sold for over $3
the bottle and were considered
good value at the time.

Bottle Case

WISDOATS FINO PARMA | ee ee 17.95
A magnificent example of bone dry, pale, straw colored Sherry. This classic “Fino Palma” has helped
wWiecou & Warter achieve its great international reputation, now a century old. An ideal aperitif when

served slightly chilled. The equal of many Finos that command $3.00 or more the bottle.
19.95

WISDOM’S ROYAL BROWN OLOROSO .. . . 4.79

There are few wines produced in the world that quite achieve the rich, deep flavor, or dark color depth
ae Pk Brown Sherry. Here is a typical, fully aged example. Highly recommended between meals with

fruit, nuts or cake, or as an after-dinner dessert wine.
WISDOM’S AMONTILLADOFINO.. . . . . . 1.99 22.65

As this name implies, a good Amontillado belongs to the Fino family, but they acquire certain different
se he meres as they mature; the color becomes more amber-like. As in the Finos. they are very dry,
mnaracterl! os at 2 c > : . ears :

ne utty in flavor and develop greater body. Here is a perfect example of fine Amontillado that
more nutty ‘ é :

normally commands well over $3.00 the bottle.
WISDOM’SGOLDENCREAM. .. ... . . 2.49 27.95

lly speaking, a top-flight Cream Sherry such as this is the oldest and most luxurious of the wines
» rs Lis 2C > ¢ & q voy ’ s 17° - 95 § 5
Gene 4 ee ee of Jerez. Usually, a fine Cream Sherry of a reputable firm commands $5.00 or more
ae a Tt is Ho oxdiiany event to obtain this medium dry, dramatically rich, wine for only $2.49.
the pottle. | an)

We urge that you try it.

SEVENTEEN

   
  
 
 
 
  
  
    
 
 
 
   
  
 
   
   
  
    
 
   
  
   
   
    
     
   
 
   
  
    
 
 
   
 
  
    
