La
aaa
Baa

Recommended to those
accustomed to paying

   
 

  
     
 
   
 
 
      

 
 
    

   
   

Cn, over $3 a bottle for a

I6L4; ‘Spanish Fino’ and over

Lag: $5 for ‘Spanish Cream

153.6 9 Sherry.

L. Mo erupcens «CE are some of the best
Se opens BONTERA ow Sherries produced in

 
  
 
 

Spain from the venerable
house of J. M. RIVERO, the
oldest Sherry firm in all

  
 
 

RONTERA (7! , y minm in sees oe

RY FIRM NSPA*

 
 

 
 
 

Spain, established during
the early 17th century.

DON’T LET THESE LOW PRICES DISSUADE YOU
oY Here are the Great Sherries of Spain
From the Oldest Sherry House in Jerez
4 Bs RIVERO'S HINO JEREZ) 2.19 24.50

CE Te mooie: te ake
cellence and dedication of the
historic firm of J. M. Rivero
Provides here a unique op-
portunity for the appreciative
Sherry fancier to acquire
some of Spain's finest forti-
fied wines at prices that are
not simply low — but aston-
Nate)

Whether you select ‘Fino
Jerez’, with its typical bou-
quet and pale color — or the
majestic ‘1805 Solera’ which
IS One of the most remarkable
examples of truly aged, full
UE Tol eB vad eae Neate e
you will be experiencing ‘the
best of class’ and at a cost
urs would even delight a
thrifty Spaniard who under-
Stands Sherries and their
COTY

Le UE OMS Tori:
among these Sherries and
Still enjoy case el glee VAL ae
you can mix an assortment of
SU ANN lead Ml hoccte htt ce

 

A light, dry, delicate wine; pale, straw-colored; the typical, unmistakable bouquet of a Fino, slightly reminiscent
of almonds. The aperitif wine of Spain, ideal with hors d’oeuvres, consommé., and shell fish. Serve chilled as an

interesting change from the dry Martini.
1236 RIVERO’S “TROCADERO” AMONTILLADO 2.49 27.95

A good Amontillado develops out of the Fino family, acquiring its own unique characteristics as it matures; the
color becomes more amber-like, the flavor more nutty, and there is more depth in body. Its nearest counterpart in

our cellars commands $3.89.
1237 RIVERO’S “EAST INDIA” AMOROSO 2.49 27.95

The East India Amoroso obtained its name from the practice in the days of sailing vessels of sending casks of
Sherry aboard ship to the East Indies and back. The saying was, “the sea-sick wines of Jerez are worth double.”
The color is amber and the flavor is rich and full, occupying a mid-point between dryness and sweetness.

1238 RIVERO’S ‘“CARRASCAL” CREAM 2.99 34.75

The richer and older of the Olorosos bear the name ‘Cream’ Sherry. This concept was developed in Bristol,
England and Cream Sherries are extremely popular throughout the English-speaking world, particularly in the
U.S. Cream Sherry of this age and character, medium dry and dramatically rich, generally commands between

$4.85 and $6.75 the bottle.
1240 RIVERO’S FINO MANTECOSO . 3.99 45.75

The lightest of all sherries, dry, crisp, definitely an appetizer —a byword in Spain where it is also extremely

popular with the younger set.
1241 RIVERO’S DRY OLOROSO 3.99 45.75

A special blending of very fine sherries incorporating the traditional Sweet Oloroso characteristics with very dry

wines. A fascinating wine of good bouquet and flavor, perfect for modern tastes.
1242 RIVERO’S TRAFALGAR 1805 (Solera Vieja) . 6.99 75.49

Dark, golden sherry with great body, medium dry. A collector’s item, bottled from the original soleras established
with the barrels seized by the British at Trafalgar and bought back by Rivero in public auction at Tarifa in 1805.

Because the date ‘1805’ appears on the label and because the recipient will find this one of the most excellent
Sherries he has ever tasted, ‘TRAFALGAR 1805’ lends itself to being a most exciting gift to add a ‘sense of

history’ to the Yuletide festivities. 2

 

  
   
   
   
   
   
  
 
     
