  

4.9 GALLONS — EQUAL TO 26 BOTTLES
OF FINE FRENCH WINE —IN BARREL
JUST TURN THE SPIGOT — OUT COMES THE WINE

It has been claimed that the greatest boon to wine drinking was
first the cork, then the corkscrew. NOW IT IS A BARREL THAT
REALLY WORKS! Until now, the barrel was a good familiar object
like the wagon wheel, endowed with charm, but not up to the
challenge of modern living. Until this barrel, as the wine was

drawn, excess air oxidized the wine, and its quality thus
deteriorated.

 
    
     
     
       
  
  

Thanks to modern technology and creative imagination, the wine
in the barrel you see above maintains its fruit and freshness during
its normal life span. Why? Concealed in the barrel is a sturdy
4.9 gallon polyethelene bag, which, without affecting the flavor
of wine adversely, shrinks as the wine’s volume diminishes, per-
petually hugging the contours of the liquid, so that no excess air
can ever enter. To the skeptical, we happily report that this very
barrel has been sold throughout Europe—and it works!

 
 
   
   
   
   
     
 
 

What wine is in the barrel? The label modestly reads ‘Vin Rouge
1971’. However, the French shipper informs us that the source is
a highly regarded Growers’ Cooperative in Beaujolais. Fresh,
fruity, delicious—keep a barrel in your kitchen or dining room—
a glass of excellent red wine is always immediately at your com-
mand with the flip of a wrist.

  
   
   
     
 
 

What about cost? The initial barrel with its bag holding 26 bottles
costs $69.50.

  
   

A WORD OF ADVICE—We have a barrel at home—our friends love
the wine, are intrigued by its decorative beauty and they have
already started depleting our limited inventory. If you want one
for yourself, or as a gift, we recommend you phone us immediately.

 
       
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

ee

“TAKE ME TO YOUR LITRE” Proclaims the Economy-Minded Wine Lover

The better wine growers of Tuscany and Verona, aware of
the world’s demand for good, honest red and white wine at
modest cost, have decided to do something about it. In the
tradition of Michelangelo, who only worked in ‘the large’,
they found their solution in the grandiose double-litre
bottles. It costs less to pack and ship these larger bottles,
and the savings are passed on to you.

As for the quality of the wine, it astonishes us by its excel-
lence and we suspect you will share our enthusiasm. The
Sources are impeccable—the Rusticana Red and White are
from the vineyards of Valpolicella and Soave, not far from
Verona. The Chianti Red and Tuscan White, personally
selected by Frank Schoonmaker are from superior vine-
yards lying between Florence and Siena. Try all four—we
Promise you you will come back for more.

RED WINES Size Bottle Case of6
Chianti Serristori 1970 59 oz. 3.49 19.95
Rusticana de Verona Red 64 oz. 3.96 23.61
WHITE WINES

Bianco di Toscano 1970 59 oz. 3.49 19.95

Rusticana di Verona White 64 oz. 3.96 23.61

   
