   

 

TLS. A ATT AIT HPN

   

ANOVAWNYHD

 

AR 46 PSAPCIg

ANOVSWIHD - AY

 
 
  

eee

Cham pague
BOLLINGES

nly

   

Cy so pon fovree e e

- Be é = ¥
Sinlaye

Boxes and Baskets of Bollinger

BOLLINGER BRUT 1966 CHAMPAGNE, symbolically,
captures the very essence of the holiday season. Even
more exalted as a festive expression of the good will of
Christmas would be a giant Magnum of Bollinger 1966
in a handsome, impressive wooden box ($26.55 the
Magnum—no extra charge for wooden box).

We now move into the stratosphere of elegant gifts. We
have asked ourselves what we would like to see under
the tree on Christmas morning, and our prompt response
was—six bottles of Bollinger Brut 1966 in the authentic
wicker carrying basket. If you share our respect for the
excellence of Bollinger, you will agree. If you, or the
friends on your gift list have a wine cellar, they will
equally agree about the usefulness of owning this basket
that will easily permit them to carry six bottles of any
wine up one flight of stairs to the dining room. As a
matter of fact, those of our friends who do not have a
wine cellar, intend using this basket for transporting
soda, as a decorative flower holder, or simply as a French
provincial decorative object.

BOLLINGER

   
 
   
         
 
 
    
  
 
   
  
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
    

The wooden box is charming—the carrying basket will
add distinction and practicality to your gift (remember,
there is no added charge for either box or basket)—but
even more important, is the true intrinsic excellence of
Bollinger Brut 1966. Rarely have we encountered a better
harmony of fruit, acidity and bouquet. This 1966 may
go down in history as a possible successor to the famed
Bollinger 1928, which has proven to be one of the classics
of this century. We recommend it unreservedly, with
enthusiasm and in the certain knowledge that it will
continue at the apex of its perfection for at least another

five years.

Carrying Basket
SC Om SOLE <p
Brut 1966

LT] $44

Complete
TOLL am CLT ae SLED Lf

Magnum of
Bollinger 1966

Only $3@°°

Complete
with wooden box
