“SPARKLING NECTAROSE at $2.99 brings bubbly

gaiety to holiday entertaining and gift-giving, preserv-

 

ing the purse and pleasing the palate. Naturally fer-

: mented in the bottle in Loire Valley—similar to a good
| pink Champagne, but not as dry, a bit fruitier, and de-

signed to please the less austere palates that do not
demand a high ratio of acidity and bone-dryness,”
states our associate, Michael Aaron.

Sparkling wine was invented in the Champagne district by Dom
Perignon, but his secret of creating stars in the bottle was trans-
ported to other areas including California, Haut Savoie and the
Loire Valley. We are inclined to agree that the best examples are
produced in the Champagne district, but this does not mean that
good sparkling wine cannot be obtained elsewhere. provided the
grapes are superior and the Champagne maker is dedicated to
excellence. In this instance, we must applaud the efforts of the
Loire vignerons who created SPARKLING NECTAROSE. Here
is the very wine that was imported by Browne-Vintners and sold
nationally, until recently, for $5.20 the bottle, and was well worth
it. At $2.99 the bottle, $34.75 the case, we can think of no
economic argument to deter those who like pink Champagne
from acquiring some to celebrate the holiday festivities and to
bring effervescent joy to a friend. For those who prefer the
smaller size bottle, we happily report that it is also available in
half bottles at $1.64 each, $37.75 the case of 24.

SPARKLING NECTAROSE—$2.99 the Bottle—$34.75 Case

11B

BIG

3

* 1 i Bolles:
| MAKE

BIG
GIFTS

 

GIANT BOTTLES OF LA COUR PAVILLON 1969

The giant bottle on the left is a quadruple magnum,
equal to 8 ordinary bottles, holds 192 oz. and cost 39.90.

The very big bottle on the right is a double magnum,
equal to 4 ordinary bottles, holds 96 oz. and cost 19.95.

The wine was selected by Martin Bamford, Managing
Director of Chateau Loudenne, and will develop beauti-
fully through the years.

om

 

 

 

MUMM’S CORDON ROUGE

Here is the world famous French Brut Champagne,
proudly bearing its glittering red and gold label. Avail-
able in half bottles at 5.25 each; full bottles at 9.75 each;
and big magnums at 20.00 each. 10% saving if acquired
by the case. Do you know of a better Champagne as a

Christmas gift?

 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
    
   
  

 

REIMS

 

    
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
