 

 

    
 
 
 
  
   
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
   
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
   
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
    

We know of no better way of presenting the facts than simply
reproducing below Frank Schoonmaker’s evaluation as it ap-
pears in his newly issued Vintage Chart.

1971. A fabulous and extraordinary year, unlike anything we
have seen since 1947. Widely scattered portions of the Céte
d’Or were ravaged by hail and torrential rains on August 19th
(including, alas! most of Gevrey-Chambertin) and along the
whole Céte many small growers lost half their crop while their
neighbors, a few hundred yards away, were completely un-
scathed. Those who were spared may well give us some of the
best Burgundies of our generation—big, splendid wines, slow
to mature and certainly of long life, conceivably even better
than the ’61s, which is anything but faint praise. Corton and
Beaune seem to have been especially favored. All of the 1971s
will have to be selected with extreme care; it was a small
Coo.

We share Mr. Schoonmaker’s conviction about the long-lived
greatness of 1971. We also share his belief that the wines must
“be selected with extreme care.” To avoid any possibility of
risk, many of the red wines listed below have been chosen at
the vineyard, after careful tasting, by Mr. Schoonmaker. All of
the remainder have been picked after several visits and tast-
ings at the vineyards by Mr. Robert Haas, a most knowledge-
able and reliable authority on the wines of Burgundy.

Our cost for the ’71s is dramatically higher than what we have
paid for previous vintages—in some instances, triple. The quan-
tity reaching us is small indeed because of the pitiably low
quantity harvested. In effect, we are dealing with jewels that
have survived—and like a human who survives, much character
develops in the process.

We urge that you acquire your 1971s now—not simply because
they will cost you more later but rather because you are able
to get these nuggets at all. We strongly suspect that few of
these wines will not be spoken for by the time they arrive.

1971 VINTAGE-=All Estate-Bottled

No. Case

R-1 GOTE DE BEAUNE VILLAGES.................. 46.74
Despite modest appellation, big, rich, fat. Estate-bottled,
Bernard Bachelet.

R-2. AUXEY-DURESSES, LE VAL ..............--+::; 59.50
One does not have to be under ‘duresses’ to quickly rec-
ognize the virtues of this unsung but excellent vineyard
of the Céte de Beaune. Estate-bottled, René Roy.

Re  GAVIGNY LAV oo isos ks oes ene ee 59.75
From best vineyard of Savigny-les-Beaune. Excellent.
Estate-bottled, Pierre Biotuzet.

R-4 CHASSAGNE-MONTRACHET, BOUDRIOTTES .. 69.75
Mr. Bachelet-Ramonet is more renowned for the glories
of his white wines than the excellence of his reds.
Should not be overlooked. Rich in fruit, charm; relatively
quick to mature.

R-5 BEAUNE BOUCHEROTTES ..........-----++:::: 76.50
Good balance, grace—similar to the better wines of Pom-
mard. Estate-bottled, Jacques Parent.

R-6 CHAMBOLLE-MUSIGNY ........---:-sesecrreee 78.00
Famed Burgundy wine town that also produces Musigny
and Bonnes Mares. Not as exalted but endowed with
similar finesse and distinguished balance. Estate-bottled,
Roumier.

R-7. NUITS ST. GEORGES, PRULIER.........------- 79.50
Gouges Freres, the two brothers are known to make the
best wine of Nuits St. Georges. Estate-bottled.

R-8 NUITS ST. GEORGES, LES ST. GEORGES....... 88.50
Top-most class; best single vineyard of Nuits St. Georges.
Soft, well-balanced, long-lived. Estate-bottled, Domaine

Gouges.

No. Case

R-9 CORTON BRESSANDES ... 2.2... 0 ccc cece eens 98.00
The finest wines bear the name ‘Corton’-or as Corton
plus the name of a vineyard—e.g., Corton Bressandes,
regarded as the greatest red wine of the Céte de Beaune.
Estate-bottled, Chandon.

R10 POMMARD BPENOTS ~. 25 tis fins cs eet 98.50
Because of world popularity, much dubious Pommard is
sold. It reaches true glory in only two vineyards and
they are ‘Rugiens’ and ‘Epenots.’ Jacques Parent has pro-
duced a glorious example here.

R-11 (GLOSS DE VOUGEOR 2. 128.00
We are fortunate here to obtain estate-bottlings from
both Grivot and Roumier. Neither of them could provide
more than 25 cases of Clos de Vougeot, the most famous
of the Burgundian vineyards.

R-12° BONNES MARES 135.00
Situated between Chambertin and Musigny, Bonnes
Mares shares the magnificence and finesse of these two
vineyards. Estate-bottled, Domaine Roumier.

1971 WHITE BURGUNDY

(available for immediate delivery)

1971 VINTAGE

(Available for Immediate Delivery)

Here are the quick-maturing white ‘wild daisies’ of Burgundy

—those dry white wines that live less than a year in barrel and

are shipped promptly. They bring their fresh, delicious joy to

wine-drinkers—and unlike the big white ’71s described above,

they should not be laid down but consumed within the next

year or two.

No. Bottle Case

397 PINOT CHARDONNAY ................. 2.19 23.65
Dry, clean, refreshing—ideal for everyday drinking. Mix
with Cassis for a ‘Kir.’ Selected by the Rt. Hon. Ernest
Marples.
SAINT VERAN ........-..---.+05+-s-s>: 2.99 32.30
The world has been clamoring for Pouilly-Fuissé and the
price has more than doubled. The French Government
became concerned and has just declared a new Appel-
lation—Saint Veran. It lies across the road—surrounds
Pouilly-Fuissé. Its taste is identical. If you prefer what
is in the bottle and not what appears on the label—here
is the one you should pick. Available in half-bottles at
$1.64 each, $35.30 the case of 24. Estate-bottled, Coopera-
tive de Bourgogne.
POUILLY-FUISSE 64.70
Marc Chevillot owns the Hotel de la Poste in Beaune,
loves the wine of Burgundy, and has selected this one.
POUILLY-FUISSE 6.55 70.38
Louis Latour selects the best wine of Pouilly-Fuissé.
Hence it is relatively expensive. A beauty.
PULIGNY-MONTRACHET 75.50
Just arrived! A superior dry white Burgundy of 1971.
From the cellars of Hotel de la Poste, Beaune.

 

Bull—

a lithograph by
PABLO PICASSO
—1945.

 

25

 
