 

  
    
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
 

vwewwn Owe

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

TAL Re RNY LL RY: EDMUND HALL
in the University of OXFORD

A delightful essay “The Pleasures of the Bottle” was written by
Mr. R.E. Alton, the bursar of St. Edmund Hall. It contains a charm-
ing report on the history of drinking at Oxford—we quote in part:

“All this is a preamble to a remarkable story: the link between.
Sherry-Lehmann and St. Edmund Hall, the one a New York wine
merchant, founded in 1933, the other an institution of learning,
founded in the 13th Century—a story which is, in itself, something
of a turning-point in Anglo-American relationship. Some places
sell wine, and there is nothing very difficult in selling it. Others
(and how few of them there are!) &vow wine, search out wines,
as one might furnish a great library. Sherry’s is such a place, and
this dedication involves a good deal of travel, a lot of knowledge
... looking around for new sources of pleasure, for a place where
the cellars are still rich, still untouched. Oxford? Of course.

 

Everyone knows about the college cellars, the Senior Common
Room Port, the private stocks of whisky that are laid down, even
when the present Duke of Windsor was an undergraduate. They
are part of the Oxford tradition, the Oxford legend, like Magdalen
College’s famous deer, like Blackwell's bookshop, like the elegant
Gridiron Club, like the notorious Oxford mist (it would be called
a heavy fog in any other less romantic city ).

One no more expects to get at these stocks of
Port, Whisky, Sherry and Cognac, than one
expects to dine in New York off Magdalen
deer, or to bottle that famous Oxford mist.
Yet the thing has been done. One of the oldest
institutions in Oxford has permitted Sherry’s
to place on the market a limited supply of its
special selections. Nothing will be said of
them here, except that they are, in evefy sense,
worthy of their origin, remarkable bottles of
unique quality.”

 

HIGH TABLE
FING SHERRY

sv. EDMUND HALL
_, Preerity of Oxfo
8

Soe ~—ANI St. Edmund Hall selections bottled in this in-

tee triguing rough-hewn, 18th century oxford bottle.

  

—

Bottle Case

SIGH TABLE FINO-SHEBEY =. 2. ies 379 a
The Fellows, in their long black gowns, sweep to their places at
High Table—the Senior Fellow taps his gavel—the undergrad-
uates rise—and then the Fino Sherry is served.

SENIOR COMMON ROOM TAWNY PORT 3.79 = 42.75
The table is cleared; Port glasses are lifted, accompanied by the
ritual salute, ‘Gentlemen, the Queen.’

ARCHBISHOPS. MEAD Oe 7 eas SAD 39.75
King Alfred is the reputed founder of Oxford University and
his drink, Mead, is still consumed there. Wassail!

DEY RAINWATER MADEIRA. 2x: 3.99 45.75
Mr. R. E. Alton, the Shakespearean scholar at St. Edmund Hall,
reports, ‘Falstaff was said by Poins to have sold his soul for a
cup of Madeira.’

CYRIL’S OWN CREAM SHERRY a9) 67.50
Cyril, the butler, has loyally servet the college for over thirty
years and is still there today. Here is the rich, luxurious Cyril's
Own’ Cream Sherry that bears the name of the man who serves it.

Below Below

THe GIN OF SE EDMUND HALL... .. 649 73.86
A superlative spirit, distilled in England at 90 proof, with a
flavor approved by generations of members of St. Edmund Hall.

Below Below

THE SCOTCH OF ST. EDMUND HALL . . 7.96 90.66
The St. Edmund scholars, glass in hand, delight in quoting from
Robert Burns, “Freedom and whisky gang thegither.”

 

THE ST. EDMUND HALL ASSORTMENT -— One bottle

of each of the seven above selections from St. Edmund Hall
(7 different ones) are available to satisfy your own tasting
curiosity — or you can send the 7 bottles to an appreciative
friend as a unique gift, reflecting the good taste associated
with the oldest college of Oxford University.

Cost of all seven — Below $35.45 Complete

  
 
 

Lee eee
fs r
hbededehoatl
amrad ar

‘adi q
weguegaa) (

  

     
