 

country. But today all is different. The
frenzy hardly permits me to indulge in the
luxury of personal wrapping —and as for
delivery, this is hopeless unless I decided
to retire from work for a week — my friends
are scattered 50 miles in every direction.
And that is why I do think Sherry’s can
really let you relax this Christmas —take
all details off your hands—and deliver your
selections, no matter where they may 20,
beautifully wrapped, on time before Christ-
mas, and with no added cost to you. We

   
 
    

  

\ ae ae

live in a complex age and Sherry’s can only

accomplish this because they are ingenious
at gift wrapping, and offer you the luxuri-
ous, reliable, next day delivery service of
United Parcel. In effect, this means no mat-
ter where your friends, family or associates
may reside—be it anywhere in the city,
Long Island, Westchester, and yes, even
Rockland and Orange County, your selec-
tion will be there, handsomely presented,
bearing your good wishes, before Christ-
mas day.

is Champagne time for
many —I know nothing like it which quite
captures the essence of sparkling good
cheer. No wine looks or tastes more glam-
ourous than the Dom Perignon 1949 in
its classic and impressive bottle; take a
look at the cristal-like bottle holding the
Cristal Cuvee 1953 of Louis Roederer; some
of your friends may cry “welcome” as they
taste the new 1953 vintage of Moet & Chan-
don: nor should we forget the glamorous
Cuvee Rainier II] of Pommery & Greno,
the very Champagne that was served at the
Prince Rainier-Grace Kelly wedding; and
for those who like great Champagne that
is not expensive, I know of none that out-
classes the Ayala Brut 1952; and, of course,
we still carry such perennial favorites as the
vintage wines of Perrier Jouet, Mumm’s,
Piper Heidseick, Bollinger, Krug, Lanson,
Cliequot, Charles Heidsieck, Pol Roger, and

Taittinger.

 
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
  

dramatic cellars
have been in existence since before the
Civil War, right here in New York, near
the Hudson River and only recently dis-
covered. Medieval in character, they are
equal to the best we have seen in Europe —
because of the 45 foot depth below the
earth an even temperature of about 55 de-
grees is maintained throughout the year.
Any of the wines that you may pick from
this brochure will be free of the risk of
excessive heat or cold because of this happy
home we have found for them to insure
proper development. As a matter of fact,
you can see a glorious two page picture of
our Cellars in full vivid color in the hand-
some impressive “PICTURE COOK
BOOK” just issued by the Editors of LIFE
Magazine. It sells for $13.50 the copy, but
is a ‘must’ for those interested in food and
wine. Incidentally, another good book on
the subject, well worth acquiring, is the

New HOUSE & GARDEN Cook Book.

I singled out several wines which
I have recently tasted that proved outstand-
ing...among the red Burgundies that
proved fabulous was the La Romanée 1953,
Clos des Tart 1949, the great La Tache 1954,
the Pommard 1934 of the Hospice de
Beaune, the Chambertin 1955 of Marion
which promises an amazing future, the out-

  
   
     
 
  

 
  
   
   

9 Rinse Siew: Shins Sota Bi Ea Stites Ba |

PPE ASSIS SKI RAF BON GR ea
igs ES

Bpsipehainirg 8 ES A ERAS SAO EYER

 

  
     

es

standing, modestly priced Fixin les Herve-
lets 1955. and the charming, fruity, Beaune
Clos des Mouches 1953...speaking of Bur-
gundy, I read from my wine notes — “just
tasted the 1955 Beaujolais of the Domaine
of Ringuet. Here is wine that infallibly
recalls the delicious young red wine, full
of fruit and charm, served with such enthu-
siasm at the better restaurants of France.

Beautifully balanced, light, fresh and dis.
armingly delightful.” This Beaujolais, the
best I have tasted, bears no more relation
to the commercial variety that I see all over
New York, than Schloss Johannisberger
does to a mediocre Liebfraumilch. And for
only $16.50, you can send a whole case that
will keep the taste buds sparkling through
many a dinner.

1955

Beaujolars

“DOMAINE DU RINGUET"

APPELLATION BEAUJOLAIS CONTROLEE

Erase: JACQUES DEPAGNEUX
DEGOCIANTS A VILLEFRANCHE-EN -BEAUWJOLAIS

 

—the whole
town’s talking about our new colorful “Cel-
larette” —the nine splits of Champagne in
the “First Issue of New York Daily Times”
waste basket—the fabulous collection, the
greatest in the world of 19th Century Vin-
tage Madeiras and Ports —the Hine Family
Reserve Cognac which is surely the best
that France has to offer us... where else but
at Sherry’s is it possible to get the 16 Year
Old Johnny Reb Bourbon, Clos des Tart
1947, Chateau Lafite Rothschild 1947,
Schloss Vollrads Trockenbeerenauslese
1953, the Cuvee Rainier Champagne that
graced the Kelly-Rainier wedding, Fort-
num & Mason’s magnificent Red Seal
Scotch...I have just tasted the Wisdom
Fino Palma Sherry; clean, dry, exceptional
character and only $1.59— undoubtedly,
New York’s best Sherry value...the re-
markable 1941 Unblended Armagnac
which Frank Schoonmaker discovered for
us has just arrived. It is an extraordinary
untouched spirit that puts all other Ar-
magnacs to shame. At $7.95, don’t hesitate
to try it...the Mare de Bourgogne de Mon-
trachet provides a new kind of Brandy
experience... Chateau Margaux 1934, very
great, should not be overlooked at $6.79
_..one of my favorite desserts 1s still Grand
Marnier Soufflé (Recipe upon request)

_and if recipes interest you, don’t fail to
tune in Sunday nights, at 10:30 to Channel
11 where Dione Lucas charmingly goes
through the preparation of a classic dish
amidst sparkling conversation with a guest
star...have you ever tried Noilly Prat
Sweet: it is outstandingly good.. . Just ar-
rived from England for holiday celebrating

Gaymers Hard Cyder at only 97¢ bottle!
Send a whole case as an important but in-
expensive gift. ONLY $10.50 the case.

 

a ae

 

 
