IN THE MIDST OF A WORLD that ap-
pears to be in a constant state of change, we
can be particularly grateful for the stability,
continuity and tradition which is repre-
sented by Christmas. The symbols of this
festive season have remained the same
through the centuries. Though the Martinis
may get drier, and popularity swing from
Rye to Bourbon, the traditional drinks of
the Christmas season remain as they were
for decades — the ‘Egg Nog’ and ‘Tom &
Jerry.

Many of you are proud of your particular
recipe for the ‘Egg Nog’ and ‘Tom & Jerry’
—perhaps because it was passed on to you
by your grandfather and he was considered
the most genial host in the family circle.
Maybe the recipe has grown a bit dim in
your memory, or you are looking for a new
one, or perhaps you want to make it for the
first time. Whatever the reason, and for the
sake of tradition, I indulge in a little mem-
ory refreshing by giving my favorite recipes
for these two popular Christmas drinks.

WHISKEY EGG NOG (50 Cups)

Beat 12 egg yolks until light. Add gradually
114 cups fine granulated sugar and continue
to beat until the yolks are thick and light

in color. Pour this mixture into a punch
bowl which has been placed on a bed of
cracked ice. Whip in one quart heavy cream
and one quart milk and then add one quart
rye or bourbon, very slowly at first, stirring
constantly. Let the punch settle for a few
minutes and lastly fold in 12 egg whites
which have been beaten until stiff. Serve
with a sprinkle of freshly grated nutmeg

on top of each portion.

TOM & JERRY (12 Servings)

seat 12 egg yolks until thick and light in
color. Beat in gradually 12 tablespoons fine
granulated sugar and one teaspoon grated
nutmeg. Use an electric beater for this if
possible. When ready to serve, put one
heaping tablespoon of this egg-sugar mix-
ture into a warm mug. Add one jigger
heavy rum, and one jigger rye, bourbon
or brandy. Fill the mug with very hot milk
or water, and serve with freshly grated nut-

meg on top.

CUSTOMS CHANGE.

i recall buying my Christmas gifts for

when I was a boy,

friends and family weeks ahead, sitting up
nights tying the packages myself, and then
spending hours on foot, or by buggy, de-
livering the gifts from door to door. But
in those early days, the suburbs were not
quite developed and there never were many
miles to go. My friends and family radiated
in a confined orbit— and Long Island, and

Westchester were considered out in the

SHERRY WINE AND SPIRITS CO., Inc.

679 MADISON AVENUE, at 61st Street, N.Y. 21
TEmpleton 8-7500

10-A

 
