   
   
  

  
     
  
 

ry

My las
;, Maso
ey, dried
sited
ised it
peared 1

rs Plums,
18 Mason
pforntitg
have peel
8 "

 

   

had at their Warehouse, 183, Piccadilly; the

Portugals in the usual round boxes, and the

Tours plums, dried Apples and Pears, in small

square baskets, together with a very choice

variety of Foreign Fruits. Owing to the
handsome packages, the above are particularly
adapted for presents.

Two years later Sir William Edward Parry
took a couple of hundred-weight of Fortnum’s
sweetened cocoa powder with him on his expedi-
tion to find the North West Passage. The old
firm was going places indeed, into— among other
things—the Victorian era, and the greatest period
of prosperity it had yet known. For this was the
great age of the clubs, when a man could find
rest and relaxation from the hurly-burly of the
home, where children swarmed and wives were
having vapours on the chaise-longue.

Fortnum & Mason opened a special department
to look after the needs of the Athenaeum,
Boodles, Brooks, the Carlton, the Clarence,
Crockford’s, the Garrick, White's, Windham’s
and the Guards’. Among the delicacies which
they created at this time were Concentrated
Luncheons, or Savory Lozenges—‘‘forming a
desirable and portable Refreshment in travelling,
hunting, shooting and other sports; they are also
recommended to Members of Parliament, Gentle-
men detained on Juries, or when long abstinence
from meals is indispensable’.

Tinned treasures of every kind also began to
make their appearance, together with instruc-
tions for opening them that must have left many
a gentleman on a shooting party sucking his
thumb, and swearing savagely.

———

cml

} was nd
i

PGA.

 

rt eee |
Ga

me

  

   
      

 
    

o—

pre

 

 
 

“To open the Canister’’, it said, “‘first stab a
hole with the butt-end of a knife, near the upper
rim. Then insert the blade as far as it will go.
Draw the handle towards you and the blade will
be found to cut through the tin with perfect ease.”

Gentlemen who found the courage and the
dexterity to stab a hole with the butt-ends of
their knives were rewarded, after they’d had
their wounds attended to, by Scotch salmon and
rich beef stews. They were advised that the
salmon might be eaten cold, with vinegar, or
placed in a cloth and then dipped in boiling
water containing a portion of salt for five minutes,
by which time it was fit to be served. The beef,
on the other hand, was to be boiled in the
Canister for about fifteen minutes and then,
presumably, went off like a bomb.

Ready-to-eat dishes were now becoming all the
rage, to sustain life during such ceremonies as
the Coronation festivities, the new Queen’s
review of 6,000 troops in Hyde Park and the
Great Exhibition of 1851—that vast project
initiated and carried through with indefatigable
energy by Albert, the Prince Consort. It was
dedicated to the arts and products of Peace, and
was followed three years later by the Crimean
War, but it did, among other things, have the
effect of bringing swarms of foreign visitors to
London, many of whom called upon Fortnum
& Mason, to marvel at their wares.

At this time Fortnum & Mason were providing
ready-roasted duck and green peas at five shil-
lings; partridges, half-a-crown; real West Indian

  
 

 
 

 

 

   
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
    
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
 

       
    
   
     
      
    
      
    
    
     
    
     
   
