 

 

 

C. 4950

$e vinta, om 3rd page.
sas
es

ES

 

Editor’s Note: James Beard, an associate
of Sherry Wine & Spirits Co., Inc., is
now in France getting first hand infor-
mation for his writings on food and
wine. Since many of you are intrigued
by the subject, or may be traveling to
France this summer, we thought you
would be interested in receiving this
report. Incidentally, if you, or your
friends (some of whom may be going
to France) wish additional copies, please
let us know. We will be glad to send
them.

HE venerable cliche’ about Paris

in the Spring still holds good. No
ether place in the world expresses quite
as much of the true feeling of the sea-
son. This year, I am fortunate enough
to be here for quite a long stay, work-
ing on various assignments and delving
a bit deeper into the subject of wines. It
Is rewarding research for one becomes
more and more fascinated by the wealth
of material.

RANDOM BITS

The chestnuts with their gay conical
blooms in several colors seem like dec-
orated trees prepared for a great modern
festival the delight in having a
small apartment in Paris—with the fun
of marketing in the various spots and
trying out various dishes in your own
kitchen . . . the millions of lilies-of-the-
valley which flood the flower stands in
early May . .. the indescribable beauty
of the other spring flowers seen here
and in shops and in homes ... . The
GEORGES V and the RITZ — two
bits of New York set down in Paris.
One can see more people from my
familiar Madison Avenue haunts than
you can count... also so many regulars
from Sherry’s.

  

Left Bank

On the other side of the Seine, the
favorite cafes of the twenties and
thirties seemingly going on to be the
favorites of the fifties . the Cafe
de Flore with all its pedigree is still
crowded as is its next door neighbor
the Cafe des Deux Magots .. . and
just opposite three others . . . one of
them a real veteran are just as crowded
—the famed Brasserie Lipp—where
one eats very good Choucroute as well
as drinking excellent beer from Alsace

the Cafe de la Reine Bianche
has caught on with a certain group of
Americans . . . in these cafes one sees
practically every nationality and many
of the more or less violent addicts of
every type of thought from the last of
the Bonapartists in his long coat, silk
hat and flowing hair to the most violent
modernist with long tangled hair, shorts,
and sandals . . . around the corner is
the tiny bar Le Montana — crowded,
noisy and completely worldly—and the
best Martini Paris has ever had—cold,
dry and perfectly blended—try one if
you can squeeze in the place .. . taxis
seem easier to find and drivers more
affable than last year.

Paris Fair

Everyone looking forward to the
Paris Fair which will boast among
other things a tremendous display of
the wines from all the great wine dis-
tricts — and daily tastings for the bene-
fit of visitors . . . restaurants advertising
regional specialties for the benefit of
people here from the provinces
huzzahs to Air France for the speedy
comfortable trip on the Parisian —

 

RE
” AND VINEYARDS

 
 
  

  
  
  
  

  

URANT

loads of room for the feet and legs in
the elegant reclining chairs; perfect
food as always and a speedy non stop
flight which was smooth and delightful
... Gene Kelly a fellow passenger .

Around the Opera and the American
I’xpress more and more signs of Quick
Lunch — American Breakfast — Ham-
burgers — Chili Con Carne — and of
course, that international incident —

Coca Cola.

THE RESTAURANTS OF PARIS

I am happy to report that the famed
restaurants of this gastronomic capital
have now achieved close proximity to
their incomparable pre-war standards.
The great dishes are again being served
and the atmosphere is as gay and cheer-
ful as ever. The food, wine and view
of Notre Dame at the Tour d’Argent
Is once again truly magnificent; The
Vaudables, aided by Albert, are main-
taining Maxim’s as one of the gayest
spots in Paris; one can still probably
find the most creative cooking in all of
Paris at Laperouse, where the emphasis
is completely on gastronomy. If you
visit Paris this summer, you will dine
well at any of the following restaurants ;
Grand Vefour, Carton, L’Escargot,
Larue, Joseph, Fouquet, La Cremail-
lere, Drouant, La Reine Pedauque, Le
Cabaret. However, there are several
restaurants in Paris, perhaps not as
well known as these, that have blos-
somed forth into places of delight for
those who love good food and good
wine. I would like to tell you about
several that I found absolutely delight-
ful and hope that you, too, will share
my enthusiasm should you chance to
visit them.

SHERRY WINE AND SPIRITS CO., Inc.e679 MADISON AVE., N.Y.eTEmpleton 8-7500

 
   

  
