 

 

In her superb book, FRENCH PROVIN-
CIAL COOKING, Elizabeth David writes
ibout Basque cooking:

Use the red peppers, the spiced Spanish
type sausages when they are obtainable, the
salt pork, the ham, the wine, the garlic,
the onions. Something of the highly indi
vidual character of this local cookery, part
Spanish, part traditionally Gascon, with
affinities to the cooking of the Provence
and even to that of parts of Italy, will still
emerge. These dishes may not be for every
day. But then once again it was Norman
Douglas who said, “Who wants a dish for

every day?”

James Beard shares her enthusiasm for the
wonderful harmony of eggs and peppers
is prepared in the Basque country, and
gives his own authentic recipe below.

PIPERADE BASQUAISE

(the famous Pyrenees egg dish)
(For 6 persons)

2 green peppers ly cup olive oil

2 sweet red peppers 3 slices cooked ham
or canned pimientos 12 eggs

I hot pepper (cayenne) Cream, heavy

2 onions, medium Salt, pepper
I clove, garlic Butter

4 tomatoes, peeled and seeded

Seed the peppers and cut them into small
pieces. Peel and chop the onions and garlic.
Peel, seed and cut the tomatoes into small
pieces. Heat the oil in a large skillet and add
the onions and garlic and peppers. Let them
cook together very briskly for a few minutes.
{dd the tomatoes and reduce the heat. Let
the mixture simmer until the peppers are
cooked and the whole blended well. Add the
ham, cut in thin slices, and continue cooking.
Correct the seasoning with salt and pepper.

Mix eggs with a little cream and scramble in
butter in another skillet and when they are
cooked to taste combine them with the sauce.
Serve at once.

 

Samuel Johnson took his eating seriously

Some people,” he said, ‘ have a foolish way
of not minding, or pretending not to mind
what they eat. For my part, I mind my belly
very studiously, and very carefully; for |
look upon it that he who does not mind his
belly will hardly mind anything else.” Bos
well tells us that Johnson was not only re
markable “for the extraordinary quantity
which he ate, but he was, or affected to be a
man of very nice discernment in the science
of cookery . When invited to dine, even
with an intimate friend, he was not pleased
if something better than a plain dinner was
not prepared for him. I have heard him say
on such an occasion, “This was a good din
ner enough, to be sure; but it was not a

dinner to ask aman to.’

   

 

1 Y 1 - rw a Y + v rn] i” 1
THE ANISH SIDE OF THE PYRENEES
4 &
If your tourist budget is limited, you might consider the Spanish side of the Pyrenees where
the prices are lower. It is easy to get to Molina because it is on the main Paris-Barcelona
line. From there the tourists fan out in all directions.

Another nearby center is Barcelona itself, which offers comfort, historic interest and fine
dining. The Spanish resorts to look for in this area are: Supermolina (not a breakfast
cereal but a town) 5,500 ft. high; Nuria, where the surrounding mountains reach a 9,000
ft. altitude, and Candanchu.

You will be interested in the intriguing cuisine of Spain, which includes paella, olives, bits
of fried fish, anchovies, mountain cheese, Serrano ham, tapas, churros, cocido (or the Span-
ish version of the New England boiled dinner), bacalao (or Basque codfish) and arroz
con pollo.

The drinks would include Domecq Fundador ($6.64), Ojen ($7.05), Tio Pepe ($3.88),
the bone dry La Gitana Manzanilla ($2.44), the intriguing dry Montilla ($2.69), the pale
dry Bobadilla Victoria ($2.78), the rich, luxurious Harvey’s Bristol Cream ($6.75) and the
Marques des Riscal ($2.25) and Marques de Murrieta

 

two classic red wines of Rioja
(32,25):

Spain has produced great artists, musicians, philosophers and some excellent aperitif and
table wines. We do believe that the unsung wines of Spain deserve more attention from the
world because it is possible to get some extraordinary sherries and some entirely delightful
red and white dinner wine at astonishingly low prices. Whether you intend skiing in the
Spanish Pyrenees or not, we certainly think you should try some of the wines listed below.

RED TABLE WINE OF NORTHERN SPAIN

SALE PRICE

No. Bottle Case

526 RIOJA CLARETE, 1960 (Martinez) . . ... . .97 10.75

Fine textured and rather light, this wine comes from an area that is only a short haul over the Pyrenees from
Bordeaux. This explains the similarity between these wines and those of the Medoc. Extraordinary value.

5936 RIOJA BLANCA, 1960 (Martinez) . . . . 97 10.75

Drier and lighter than the average Graves, this white wine has a surprising amount of finesse for such low cost.

424 RIOJA RED, 1955 (Marquis de Murrieta). . 2.25 24.00

If one were looking for the Chateau Latour of Spain, we suppose it would be found here at the Murrieta vine-
yard. In our opinion, this wine is the equal of some of the classified growths of the Medoc commanding about
$4 for the 1955 vintage.

S41 RIOUA BRANGS, (960 2... .., ' ~'* @Ai2 14.83

(In gallon wicker demijohn) gallon case of
four gallons

An honest, dry white wine for everyday drinking —handsomely presented in a wicker demijohn—
at a cost averaging out at only 82¢ the bottle. We also happily report that by early March there will
be a red Rioja from the same vineyard, in wicker gallon, and at the same price. You can reserve a
supply now.

SOME FINE SHERRIES OF SPAIN
AT DRAMATICALLY LOW SALE PRICES

We were in Jerez about 3 years ago and attended the hundredth anniversary festivities of
the fine old sherry firm of Wisdom and Warter. They have become our fast friends, they see
to it that our sherries come from some of the best barrels in their huge bodegas, and they
also make certain that the prices are at the lowest possible level consistent with the Spanish
economy. Our acquisition has been large, the savings to us have been almost 50% com-
pared to similar wines, and the entire savings are being passed on to you.

SALE PRICE

No. Bottle Case

7) “NISDOMSHTINO-PALMA @ . .. . .., . 2.59 17.95

Here is a true Fino—bone dry and straw colored. This classic “Fino Palma” has been a favorite in Britain for
almost a century. Even better when served slightly chilled. Certainly the equal of many Finos that command
over $3 the bottle

$2.  WISDOM’S ROYAL BROWN OLOROSO . .. 1.79 19.95

One of the noblest wines of the world with the rich, deep flavor, dark color and maturity of a brown sherry. It
is the kind of wine that many women love. It can be served between meals with fruit, nuts or cake, or simply
as an after-dinner dessert wine

53. WISDOM'S AMONTILLADO FINO. . . . 1.99 22.65

An Amontillado is simply a Fino that is held in barrels somewhat longer and acquires additional characteristics
as it matures: the color becomes more amber, the flavor becomes somewhat more nutty, and the body becomes
a bit heavier. It is rather like comparing a middle-aged philosopher with a brilliant undergraduate. Had this
wine gone through normal trade channels, it would be selling for $3.42 the bottle

94 WISDOM’S GOLDEN CREAM .. .%.°::°*2.49 27.95

Generally speaking, each firm takes its oldest, best and richest Oloroso and bestows upon it the euphemistic
name of “cream sherry.” Our clientele, who have been subject to a slow process of education through our
brochures over the past three decades, are quite familiar with the fact that cream sherries generally sell for
over $5 the bottle. They will recognize that it is no ordinary event to obtain an authentic example, dramatically
rich to the palate, for only $2.49

SHERRY WINE & SPIRITS CO. INC. 679 MADISON AVE. N. Y.—TEMPLETON 8-7500

Page Ten

  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
    
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
   
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
     
    
  
  
   
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
   
  
 
   
  
  
  
 
    
  
 
    
   
   
     
  
     
   
 
    

ee Liebling, a
scribes an encou
wine was a thi
bottle, with a la
lithography; it |
troubadors and
and the name ol
letters with Got
[he name was
Guillaume d’Ac

“What a madly
M. Clicquot sal

enough, a grimz

“One would say
I cried, “if one Vv
fool.” I did not

loud.

My old friend [|
at me with new 1
in me a capacity
never credited n

We predict that
storm a housew!
Sherry’s one aft
some wine, and |
before noon th
surprised, but «

won't be.

 

\lexander Pope
Ne was invited to
The servant-bre
overdone. Swift
“Take it back a1

 

\t the peak of

true Madeira far
shipper and bran
named for the shi

such as Hurrica
others carried tl
who imported tl

ader, Gerry, Butle

some fame by cap

Webster.

When that well-
vited to taste fron
16 he tasted and
consume the ho:
bottles,

Julian Street has
about the gourm
dinner in a restal
cent old Vintage |]
brought jt hand
“Look here,” Oxc

haven't shaken tl

“No, Si

replied
\nd he

suited the

  
