      
   

 

TTC a
Sa
RAS

Recommended to those
accustomed to paying
over $3 a bottle for a
‘Spanish Fino’ and over
$5 for ‘Spanish Cream
Sherry.’

iets Here are some of the best

: NTERA Sherries produced in

ang BNTERA — Spain from the venerable
convo" Bans. — 2 : house of J. M. RIVERO, the
_ nen a oldest Sherry firm in all

- Spain, established during

the early 1/th century,

DON’T LET THESE LOW PRICES DISSUADE YOU
Here are the Great Sherries of Spain
From the Oldest Sherry House in Jerez

No. Bottle Case esses
are not just ow, be
1235s EROS FINO JEREZ. 2.245. + s+ 1.99 22.65

A light, dry, delicate wine; pale, straw-colored ; the typical, unmistakable bouquet of a Fino, slightly reminiscent =:
of almonds. The aperitif wine of Spain, ideal with hors d’oeuvres, consommé, and shell fish. Serve chilled as an Can you think of
interesting change from the dry Martini. tive and econo

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
     
    
   
 
 
  
 
 
   

We are convinced that the ex- ae G . sift than 12 gy
Cue Ure ke ertune me 1236 RIVERO’S ‘‘TROCADERO” AMONTILLADO . 2.19 94,50 handsome me
historic firm of J. NP A good Amontillado develops out of the Fino family, acquiring its own unique characteristics as it matures; the Rael? — ONLY
provides here a unique Op- color becomes more amber-like. the flavor more nutty, and there is more depth in body. Its nearest counterpart in u ss
ele) aceais miele the appreciative our cellars commands $3.89. Ss nitty
Sherry fancier to acquire Best orde

eso 1237 RIVERO’S “EAST INDIA” AMOROSO. .. 2.49 27.95

a i de pend po ees The East India Amoroso obtained its name from the practice in the days of sailing vessels of sending casks of

tae Sherry aboard ship to the East Indies and back. The saying was, “the sea-sick wines of Jerez are worth double. ,
The color is amber and the flavor is rich and full, occupying a mid-point between dryness and sweetness.

Whether you select ‘Fino :

Jerez’, with its typical bou- 1954. RIVERO o.. CARRASCAL CREAM . . 2. 2.99 34.75

nage os Aap robe pron The richer and older of the Olorosos bear the name ‘Cream’ Sherry. This concept was developed in Bristol, Eng-
! land and Cream Sherries are extremely popular throughout the English-speaking world, particularly in the U.S.

Teel s(sMel mise M cL LECl eli : os a‘ : :
nN ear tet TT] eget ae age and character. medium dry and dramatically rich. generally commands between $4.85 ! on

flavored Sherries in existence,
you will be experiencing ‘the

ewe eeeesme 81238 RIVERO’S FINO MANTECOSO... . . 3.89 42.01

that would even delight a ; aor : nog ee : :
thrifty Spaniard who under- The lightest of a eres; dry, crisp, definitely an appetizer — a byword in Spain where it is also extremely |
popular with the younger set.

stands Sherries and their
true value. 12

BU RIVERO'S DRY OLOROSO .,... - - - 3.99 43.10
A special blending of very fine sherries incorporating the traditional Sweet Oloroso characteristics with very dry
wines. A fascinating wine of good bouquet and flavor, perfect for modern tastes. ;

If you wish to experiment
Patil ania e eae)
still enjoy case price savings,
VOUT Mba SSatu ae

SIM 81240 RIVERO’S TRAFALGAR 1805 (Solera Vieja) 6.99 75.49

Dark, golden sherry with great body. medium dry. A collector’s item, bottled from the original soleras established
with the barrels seized by the British at Trafalgar and bought back by Rivero in public auction at Tarifa in 1809. §
Because the date ‘1805’ appears on the label and because the recipient will find this one of the most excellent

Sherries he has ever tasted, ‘TRAFALGAR 1805’ lends itself to being a most exciting gift to add a ‘sense of
history’ to the Yuletide festivities.

 
