  

i2ue
Pad

Many of you know James Beard by chatting
with him in the shop and by reading his
sundry books on food and wine. We might
mention that he now writes a monthly gastro-
nomic column for HOUSE & GARDEN. In
the current issue of this magazine, he talks
about ‘Vin Rose’ and in the June issue, you
will find his article on ‘Rum’.

with the largest and most extra-
ordinary collection of intriguing wines and
spirits that we have ever offered, since we first
opened our doors 22 years ago. I know of no
better way of thumbing one’s nose at wintry
blasts than with an extraordinary bottle of
Moselle such as the Kaseler Kohlenberg 1953;
nor can one acclaim Spring more effectively
than by serving Mint Juleps now — particu-
larly since the remarkably fine Old Jeb Ken-
tucky Bourbon is now on sale at only $3.69
the bottle.

2 TE se Aang
Two honest regionals of the 1953
vintage at low sale cost. Excel-
lent choices for everyday drink-
ing and to accompany simply

food.

110 MEDOC 1953, Albert Freres

170 ST. EMILION, 1953, Albert Freres

The growth and
popularity of ‘Vin Rose’ is nothing short of
astonishing. I venture to say that the consump-
tion is twice that of five years ago and still
growing. Perhaps because it goes with any
food, perhaps because of its gay color; what-
ever the reason, we take it sufficiently seriously
to make it a feature of this ‘Annual Spring
Sale,

few parties now take place without at least

. . Vodka has become the vogue and

one bottle on the bar . .. good wine in the half
bottle size (featured earlier in this catalog )
is also a growing fashion . . . Champagne,
such as Charpentier 1952 and Cramant 1952.
has become a vogue in France which has
caught on here . . . almost no one now sails
for Europe without having a bottle or two of
Champagne waiting for him in the state-

room, attractively iced in our ‘Le Can-Can’ ...

lin iinitinidrtiasieasiili cs
Two Chateau bottled Clarets of

breed and at a price below the

usual cost for Bordeaux regional

wines.

nent eee

636 CHATEAU BEL ORME 1953 (Medoc)
239 CHATEAU SEGUR 1953 (Medoc)

So many people
make an indifferent Tom Collins or Rum Col-
lins, that it might be well to repeat our favor-
ite recipe for Collins, whether it be rum. gin,
whiskey, or whatever your taste may be. This is
an oversized drink — but that is the Way a
good Collins should be. Pour over plenty of
cracked ice, in a cocktail shaker, one to two
teaspoons of sugar syrup or bar sugar, accord-
ing to the degree of sweetness you like. Add
to this the juice of one lemon or one and a

 

half limes and four (yes! four) ounces of gin,
rum or whiskey. Shake this well and pour it
all into a twelve-ounce glass. Add another
cube of ice, if necessary and fill the glass with
soda. I prefer mine without fruit. If it’s a Tom
Collins you're making, you'll find that our
Templeton Gin (it’s really good) at $3.09
the fifth, will do a perfect job.

 

 

All four were chosen after care-
ful tasting and represent dis-

tinguished Claret at modest cost.

 

264 CHATEAU LESTAGES 1952 (Haut Medoc)

192 CHATEAU RIPEAU 1952 (St. Emilion)

104 CHATEAU GRAND PUY LACOSTE 1952
(Pauillac)

294 CHATEAU SEGUR 1949 (Medoc)

 

  

 
