the paper and the stockinet covering, if there be such and

place the ham in a roasting pan. Add three or four cloves
and a sprinkling of cinnamon and then pour over it a bottle
of good red wine - say a bottle of Chateau Talbot 1938 (it's
only $1.37). Please do not balk at using a fine Chateau
bottled Claret to bake a ham. Why not! What is good enough
to drink is good enough to cook with as well. Let the ham

soak in the wine and spice for twenty-four hours, being

certain to turn the ham two or three times during the process.

Just before you cook the ham, remove it from the marinade
(for that is what the soaking mixture is called), and remove
the skin and the excess fat. Score the ham with a sharp
knife, designing diamonds or circles, Rub the fat surface
well with brown sugar or honey and with powdered cloves and
cinnamon (if you don't use the whole clove it saves teeth and
effort). Place the ham ina roasting pan and put it into a
preheated 350° oven. Heat the wine and spice mixture in
which the ham soaked and baste the ham with this mixture
every ten minutes for an hour. Then serve, with candied
sweet potatoes -- no marshmallows, please! Of course, if
you want to drink a bottle or two of the same wine, you may.
However, we prefer to give an added touch of festivity and
gaiety to Easter Sunday dining by serving the ham with a
good Champagne or a cheerful Vin Rose.

And speaking of French Champagne, do you know that we
have another shipment of that popular item in our bubbly
department --- Mailly Brut 1943? It is still the same
good value for the money ($3.99 the fifth). The perfect
wine for the larger parties and weddings --- June is close
at hand, you know.

Now that the confining influences of winter are over, and

we can once again indulge in our pleasurable Spring strolls,
why not drop into our shop and investigate the large variety
of chateau-bottled Clarets that are now available at less
than $2.00 the bottle. Prices for wines are rising rapidly
in France, due to the substantial increase in costs that have
taken place since last Spring. I was profoundly impressed
with what Mr. Richard Blum of Julius Wile Sons & Company
had to say at a press conference, immediately after his
return from France, regarding conditions in the wine

SHERRY WINE AND SPIRITS CO., Ine.

districts of that country. It is his opinion as well as that
of a great many other importers in the trade, that we are
now enjoying a price holiday as far as fine French wines
are concerned, If you are lucky enough to boast space
for cases, now is the ideal time to stock up on the
delightful Clarets and Burgundies offered at fabulous
prices and the magnificent 1945's which have alr eady
become historic, which are so perfect for laying down,
and will surely be among the all-time greats.

Our favorite Spring dessert - a glamorous SOUFFLE!

We are all for it and are apt to make this dish on the
slightest provocation - it’s that simple and that elegant!
Choose your favorite liqueur (and we have had great
success with Creme de Cafe, Creme de Cacao and even
with a mixture of the two). In the upper part of a double
boiler melt three tablespoons of butter. When it is
melted, add three tablespoons of flour and mix well.
Allow this roux to cook for a few minutes over boiling
water and gradually add 3/4 to 7/8 cup of scalded milk.
Stir constantly until the mixture boils and allow it to
cook, stirring occasionally for five minutes. Cool
slightly. Lightly beat the yolks of four eggs and beat in
a half cup of sugar. Beat the whites of five eggs until
stiff but not dry. Add a little of the flour -butter -milk
mixture to the egg yolks and stir thoroughly. Pour this
into the flour and milk mixture and blend well. Add
about half a cup of your favorite liqueur and mix
thoroughly. Fold in the beaten egg whites and pour into
a buttered casserole of pyrex or earthenware. Place it
in a 375° oven and bake for approximately 40 minutes
or until the souffle is well risen and delicately browned.
Souffles wait for no one, So serve it at once - with
whipped cream if you wish.

Ever try basting a lordly roast of beef (which is coming

down in price we are told) with a good red wine? Try

one of our excellent red wines of moderate price for
basting and for drinking at table - we can think of no more
Suitable wine than the Chateauneuf-du-Pape 1943 ($1.69).
Merely add a cup or a cup and a half to the pan in which
you are roasting the beef and baste with the mixed
drippings and wine every fifteen minutes. A remarkable

679 MADISON AVENUE + Templeton 8-7500

 
