DECEMBER 2, 1968

FROM e NEWYORK, THE SOPHISTICATED NEW MAGAZINE

The Boom in the Bottle

I do not have a very good record at
turning one dollar into three in the com-
modity markets, but now I have a com-
modity that looks like it is really ready to
move. No downside risk, either. You don’t
necessarily get to pocket a lot of money by
going long on this commodity if 1am right,
but you do get points for taste and status
and you can make yourself feel good, and
all that psychic income has to count for
something. My research tells me that the
top French wines have nowhere to go but
up. Now in our affluent papered economy,
everything goes up: rents go up, CO-ops go
up, beef goes up, Picasso sketches go up. It
all has to do with the Phillips curve, the
unemployment rate, the money in circu-
lation, the Stage Door Delicatessen going
public, and the fact that there is so much
paper around that things look better every
day. But if my dire predictions come true,
the classic French wines will remove them-
selves from ordinary dinners and come to
rest somewhere between the expense-ac-
count crowd and Parke-Bernet.

By way of warning, I should tell you that
my last commodity venture was not suc-
cessful. The theory was right, but the tim-
ing was wrong. The theory was that the
world was just about out of cocoa, and
when the world is out of something and
everybody still wants it, the price goes up.
Cocoa was at 24 cents and we figured that
it could go to 40 cents, given a few capsid
flies eating the bushes in Ghana and Ni-
geria, some torrential rain, and a little
outbreak of Black Pod to get rid of any
cocoa brave enough to grow. No sooner
did we put our money where our theory
was than cocoa went to 21 cents, giving a
severe drubbing to those of us on thin
margins. After the buyers from Hershey,
Nestlé, and M & M had taken all our con-
tracts away, the capsid flies descended on
the cocoa, it started raining and never
stopped, and in Ghana Black Pod became
a household word like Spiro T. Agnew.
And if you will glance at the financial sec-
tion, you will see that cocoa is indeed at
40 cents. You can’t win them all.

A while back, I was having dinner with
a friend of mine and I asked him what he
was buying.

Pye are buying,
Rothschild 1964.”

I told him it was nice he was giving a
dinner party, but seriously, was the com-
puter-leasing fad over and what was he
buying.

“We are buying Lafite Rothschild
1964,” he said. “It’s already gone from $40
a case to $135 a case, and there isn’t going
to be any more.”

There isn’t going to be any more. Those
are words to excite latent greed.

“How much have you bought?” I asked.

“We bought the floating supply and
promised to maintain an orderly market,”’
said my friend. “‘I just wrote out a check
for $483,000.”

Now those two phrases, we bought the
floating supply, and there isn’t going to be
any more, are enough to get anyone
going.

“Why isn’t there going to be any more?”’
I asked.

“The acreage of the Chateau -bottled
wines is fixed,” said my friend, ‘‘and there
are more people in the world all the time,
and there is more money in the world all
the time. Textbook case. A couple of bad
vintages make the supply even tighter, and

1968 is a disaster.”

‘“There’s a dock strike coming up, and
all the wages in France are going up since
the May troubles,” I added.

he: said, ‘Lafite

By ‘‘Adam Smith’’

““We’re buying Lafite
Rothschild. It’s gone

from $40 to $135 a
case..and there isn’t
=. anymore. ©

“Right,”’ said my friend. ‘“‘But consider
this. Most of the wine in America is drunk
too young. It takes a good Burgundy a
couple of years to get going, and a
Chateau-bottled Bordeaux may not be
ready to drink for ten years. But liquor
stores have to turn over their inventory—
it costs them 12 per cent a year just to keep
the wines—so they push the stuff right out.
If you wait to serve the wine when it’s
ready to drink, the price will not only be
sky-high, there may not be any at all. It’s
a depleting asset.”’

I now have to insert a couple of foot-
notes, just to be honest. First of all, if your
greed is now in high gear and you are
thinking of making a killing from my hot
tip here, forget it. Wine is alcohol, and the
laws about alcohol and selling it are very
strict in this country, and involve lots of
red tape. So unless you have a license, you
can’t resell spirits in any form. This hot
tip only does you any good if you happen
to like wine, and if you are going to serve
it at dinner sometime, and if you can keep
your guests away from the gin bottle long
enough to be sure they appreciate the
good stuff. If you are going to give them
an hour of heavy-handed martinis first,
you might as well give them Old Catawba,
Thunderbird, or Shapiro’s Best. I am not
knocking our native products, but that
is not the commodity under discussion.

The kind of killing you make here is
from sopping up the float at $5.75 a bottle,
and then, in three or five or seven years,
when the wine is properly matured, you
serve it to your friends, who are properly
appreciative because a) it doesn’t taste
like anything else they’ve tasted, and b) it
costs $30 a bottle at the local retailer. You
do have to store the wine yourself, how-
ever, in the meantime. My friend who
bought the float in the 64 Lafite says there
isn’t anyplace in New York that stores the
wine properly. That wine is alive inside the
bottle, quietly getting serene, and if it’s
too hot or too cold or the vibration from
the subway joggles it, the wine goes belly-
up and doesn’t get serene. So my Lafite
friend built himself a wine cellar in the
basement of his Park Avenue apartment
building, put Styrofoam in the walls to
cushion it (the IRT is only a block away),
installed special air conditioning to keep
the place at a constant 60°, and hooked up
a special alarm. If the main power ever
fails, the alarm goes off and the building
superintendent rushes down, seals the
place, and throws on the emergency air
conditioning.

My own procedure, before this greed
mobilized my anxieties, was to trot down
to the local wine store and say, “Eight for
dinner, roast lamb, what have we got for
$3.99?” Or almost. I say almost, because
now you have to sit through the medical
part of this footnote,

 

 

All this is by way of an elaborate
apology, because there is a lot of snobbery
about wines and the vocabulary of wine
always sounds pretentious ever since
Thurber cut it down with his famous
cartoon line, “It’s a naive domestic
Burgundy, without any breeding, but I
think you’ll be amused by its presump-
tion.” Thurber was taking off on some
pieces written in the New Yorker in the
1930s by Frank Schoonmaker, who
abandoned writing for the wine business
and is now one of the big names on wine
bottles. (In defense of the vocabulary,
Schoonmaker says, ‘“‘I can read a ten-word
description of a wine by another critic and
know what it is. Could a music critic give
a ten-word description of an opera star’s
voice, and have some other critic identify
it from that?’’)

%

But back to greed, and there isn’t going
to be any more. I set off to research the
premise, and that meant having lunch and
a couple of bottles with the various mem-
bers of the Wine Establishment. There is,
of course, a Wine Establishment. It’s hard
to have a Broadway hit without Clive
Barnes and Walter Kerr, and it’s hard to
have.a hit wine without Frank Schoon-
maker and Sam Aaron and Edmund Kelly
of the Wildmans. Alexis Lichine used to
be in that group, but he sold his import
business and now sticks to making wine
and small cameras. I lost all my afternoons
in the course of my research because, after
a split of white wine and a fifth of red every
day at lunch, all I could manage after-
ward was a nap. One day in London I had
lunch with Hugh Johnson, who is editor of
Queen, author of a book called Wine, and
a former tailback on the Oxford U. wine
team. We had a bottle of Musigny Comte
Georges de Vogiié 1959 Vielle Vignes and
it was all the best things in the wine vocab-
ulary: splendid, magnificent, real sym-
phonic structure. A bottle like that can
cheer you up for two days.

So, back in New York, I tried collecting
some. I managed to acquire all of seven
bottles before I was told there isn’t any
more. Then my office phone rang one day
and it was the eminent tape-trader, The
Great Winfield, who hears all the hot
stories and then watches their action.

**My informants tell me,’’ he said, ‘‘that
you have been scuttling around trying to
buy something, Musigny something, and
it’s not even in the Pink Sheets.’

The Pink Sheets carry all the over-the-
counter quotations.

“It’s not in the Pink Sheets,” I said.
“It’s a wine. Send your spies to find a new
computer leasing outfit, and stay out of
this. I haven’t completed my position. In
fact, I have only seven bottles.”’

‘Wait a minute,’ he said.
going up?”

“Take Lafite Rothschild 1961,” I said.
“You could have bought it for $40 a case
at the issue. It would have to sell for $270
to $300 now, and it looks higher.”’ I told
him the rest of the anxiety-mobilizing
story. That was a mistake.

“Is wine

“LEHMANN
D> INCE

SHERR

C19 Mi, edison Newlok VEwin§ 7500

 
