  
 
 

on the bottom. Sprinkle with salt and pe

a Pper
and dot liberally with butter,

Add another

layer of potatoes, and repeat the Process until

all potatoes are used. Dot the to

P liberally with
butter and bake in

a hot oven (400°) 49 to
or until the potatoes are tender
when tested with a toothpick. Before serving,
invert baking pan on a hot plate
nicely

50 minutes

so that the

browned and crusty potatoes on the

6)

 
 

bottom will come out on top. (Serves
it with string. Salt the bird on the outside, and

MENU FOR HOLIDAY DINNER

CHILLED FINO SHERRY WITH CHEESE BISCUITS
TURTLE SOUP WITH MADEIRA
ROAST GOOSE WITH APPLE AND CHESTNUT STUFFING

PRUNES IN PORT

place it on a rack in a baking pan. Place the

goose in a hot 450 degree oven and let it stay Ginger Soufflé

: : . 30 minutes. Reduce Z i .
at that temperature for lhe first thing to do in preparing a soufflé

d continue cookin : : :
the temperature to 325 an g testo lanioh thoiudiion di

SAUERKRAUT IN CHAMPAGNE
POTATOES ANNA
GINGER SOUFFLE, SHERRIED WHIPPED CREAM

FRUIT

. soufflé making js
until the skin is crisp and the bird tender— &

something which only an ex
allowing about 20 minutes per pound. Pour . Bee pert should tackle,
Half the soufflé failures are caused by over-

anxiousness and nervous

off the fat from time to time during the
NUTS

fussing rathe
roasting time. & ar than

CAFFE EXPRESSO mistakes in cooking or preparation,

DEE LEN HEMMER,

Cheese Bisquits

While the goose is roasting, cook the gib-

lets and neck in two cups of water and season

3 tablespoons butter 14 cup chopped
with 1 teaspoon salt, 1 small onion and a PP
sprig of parsley. When the giblets are tender,

remove from the broth and chop them very

14 teaspoon salt preserved ginger

5 beaten egg yolks
6 stiffly beaten
egg whites

3 tablespoons flour
I cup hot milk
14 cup sugar

Mash a pound of Camenbert Cheese and blend
it with 2 ounces of butter (% bar), 1 table-
spoon each of chopped chives, parsley and
capers. Blend well, adding a touch of heavy

cream, if necessary. Spread on thin English
water bisquits.

fine. When the roast is cooked, remove to a
hot platter and pour off all but 4 tablespoons
of the fat. Mix the fat in the pan with 4
tablespoons flour and place over a medium
heat. Add the chopped giblets and the broth
and stir until thickened and smooth. Season
to taste with salt and pepper and a healthy
dash of Cognac.

Melt butter in upper part of a double boiler,

blend in salt and flour, and gradually stir in

hot milk. Stir constantly until mixture thick-
ens and allow it to cook 2 minutes. Cool

slightly. Pour over a mixture of egg yolks,
Turtle Soup with Madeira sugar and ginger. Fold in the stiffly beaten
egg whites. Pour into a buttered soufflé dish
which has been sprinkled with sugar. Bake
in a moderate to moderately hot oven (350°.
375°) 35 to 40 minutes or until risen and

nicely browned.

Any fine bottled or tinned Turtle Soup will
serve you well. If there is turtle meat in the jar Prunes in Port
or tin, cut it into small pieces. Heat the soup
and add additional Madeira to each cup be-
fore you serve it. A thin slice of lemon and
a sprinkling of chopped hard cooked egg is
the traditional garnish. A glass of Madeira
with the soup is a nice idea.

This is an excellent relish with most any

poultry or game dish and is simple to make.
. Serve at once with whipped

Merely choose large tender dried prunes and :

cream flavored lightly with a medium or sweet

sherry. (Serves 4)

soak them in port for several days in a covered
jar or crock. Serve them as they are or pit
them and stuff with nuts or brandied fruits.

They will keep for months this way.

Roast Goose with Apple & Chestnut Stuffing SHERRY—Tio Pepe Fino Sherry

MADEIRA—Fortnum & Mason's Rainwater
RED BURGUNDY—Pommard Epenots, 1955
SAUTERNE—Chateau d’Yquem 1953
EAU-DE-VIE—Framboise D’Alsace

You can buy chestnuts peeled, shelled and

Sauerkraut in Champagne
ready cooked, in jars,

in most shops nowadays,
This saves a great deal of work and temper.
The apples for the stuffing should be good,
tart, cooking apples. Peel and quarter them
and sprinkle lightly with nutmeg.

   

For 6 persons, use 3-4 pounds sauerkraut.
Add 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper,
2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, and 1 pint

white wine and simmer covered, with medium

5

LIQUEURS—Grand Marnier, Benedictine, Chartreuse,
Cointreau, Cherry Heering.

flame for 3 hours. Add 1 pint champagne (a
half bottle of Ayala Gold Label Brut 1953 @
$2.79 would do nicely here) 15 minutes be-

fore serving and let it cook down with the
kraut.

When you buy the goose, remember that it
be a fat bird and be guided accordingly. You
want to estimate about | Ib. per person. Wash

the goose and rub the interior with lemon.

Stuff the goose with the quartered apples and
the cooked chestnuts which you have salted

. , Potat
lightly before using for the Crecente

stuffing. Alternate

layers of apples and chestnuts in the cavity

of the bird. Sew up the vent with heavy thread
or close the vent with

Peel and thinly slice 4 large potatoes cr 6

medium sized ones. Butter a baking dish very

small skewers and tie well and place a layer of sliced potatoes evenly

SHERRY WINE AND SPIRITS CO., INC. » 679 MADISON AVENUE,

 

N. Y. 21 © TEmpleton 8-7500

  
 
 

 
 
    
     
 

   
      
 
  
 

  
 
 

THE WINES 3

    
    
     
       
     
  
  
     
     
     
      
     
      
    

 
 

 
   
   
         
   
  
    

   
     
  
  

  
 
     
    
 
         
     
   
  

 

  
   
      
  
 
     
 
  
  
 
  
    
  
  
 
   
  
  
   
   
   
   
    
   

Add
to vi
V ith

"PE

  
