   
     

}
Wa ae i
} V3 a a a

‘ he “Seen | >

Pa
“Ie TE :

ong,

IE
Ci BE

io, 4
ois
ee

 

Mary Cassatt at the Louvre in 1876. EDGAR DEGAS
combines etching with aquatint.

*

  

es

Wine Last

Proudly Presented
by

SHERRY-LEHMANN, INC.

“This wine list astonishes me by its range, depth
and discrimination—after spending almost a half-
century traveling the world and collecting wine-
lists from everywhere, I cannot produce a single
example from my library collection that can match
it—and I am comparing it with the leading cellar
lists of Paris, London, Bordeaux, Dijon, Frankfort
and Lyon.

Whether the standard be day-in and day-out jug
wine, wines for laying down, realistic prices, dis-
criminating selection, rarities from previous dec-
ades—whatever the standards, all are met nobly,
with sensitivity and wisdom, and beyond compare.
This compilation is destined to bring much wine
lore, joyous tasting and intriguing gustatory chal-
lenge to the wine lovers of America.”

—JAMES BEARD

A world authority on food and wine.

If you agree with James Beard’s comments, and
would like to share in the wine adventures that this
list can provide, we happily report that they are all
within your easy reach. We deliver promptly any-
where in New York State—not just to your home
in the Metropolitan Area—but also to your vacation
address, whether it be along the beaches of the
Hamptons, upper Westchester, the Adirondacks,
or even a quiet, remote camp just below the
Canadian border.

If your home or vacation address is located within
the vast United Parcel Zone that reaches out to
Montauk Point and Putnam County, there is NO
CHARGE for speedy delivery on any order over
$15.

If you live or vacation further north in New York
State (beyond the United Parcel Zone), there is
NO CHARGE for any delivery over $50.

Should you be interested in acquiring the
nationally-advertised brands of scotch, whiskey,
gin, rum or vodka at the LOWEST MINIMUM
PRICES prevailing in New York State, you can
count on them here at Sherry’s. No one—but no
one—will be offering spirits in New York State at
prices below those that you will discover in this
brochure. Why not acquire them here along with
your wines?—And there is the further advantage
of free, prompt delivery even for the ‘SPIRITS ON
SALE’ that you acquire. PHONE Templeton 8-7500
for prompt service—or simply send your order by
MAIL to

“! — Sherry-Lehmann, Inc.

679 Madison Avenue, New York, N.Y. 10021

  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
