S- RHONE VALLEY WHITE
Ne Bottle Case
430 HERMITAGE LA CHAPELLE BLANC 1950... . es ee 24.79

Estate Bottled, P. Jaboulet Ainé (Available for delivery February 10th)

“The little Chapel that stands on top of the vine covered hill of Hermitage is said to have been founded by a returning crusader
some eight centuries ago. In any case, the wines of Hermitage, both red and white, have been famous for hundreds of years.
The whites are big, golden, full bodied wines, sturdy and rich, but dry. This 1950 is the best white Hermitage I have tasted

since the war.

RED BORDEAUX

Bottle Case

SATTY . « y
PAS tbe ee ae eg RE a pees eon 98 11.50
Shipped by Maurice Perret
Here is an extremely pleasant, well balanced little Claret of a great year. A grand wine for everyday drinking and far better
than most of the generic wines that we are getting from Bordeaux these days. Regularly sells for $1.29.

Bottle Case

Ree a ere cS ee pe ; . . LOS 12.50
Societe des Grands Vin de la Gironde

Some of the red wines that carry the name Medoc in this country are hardly better than the good red wines of California.
This, which I selected in Bordeaux last summer is not a great wine, but has the character and quality typical of the great
district from which it comes.

Bottle Case
CHATEAU POUIZAUX 1949 (Moults) oe ee er 9 PO 16.95
Occasionally in my travels in the Bordeaux wine country I have had the good fortune to discover a small vineyard which
deserves to be a great deal better known than it is. Chateau Poujeaux is such a vineyard and tliis Chateau Bottled 1949 can
hold its own against many of the celebrated Clarets of this excellent year.

WHITE BORDEAUX

Bottle Case

CRAVEs 1910. 2 ey Coe 1.09 12.50

Shipped by Societe des Grands Vin de la Gevids
An excellent dry Graves of a good year. Well balanced, clean. Designed for everyday use. Fresh and light, recommended as an
all-round table wine.

Bottle Case
CLOS LOULOUMET 1950: (Graves)... . eS ee ee 16.95

Here is awine that I find everything that a Graves should be. Dry, and at the same time soft, fresh and charming with plenty
of bouquet and fruit. A typical and fine 1950. Bottled by the vineyard owner.

Bottle Case . *
‘ Th 1 1 1 ‘TITC TIT TOMnC : Y e / ® a
CHATEAU DE FARGUES-LUR-SALUCES 1948 (Sauternes) . . . . . 2.49 eto
‘The Marquis de Lur Saluces, the celebrated proprietor of Chateau d’Yquem is also the owner of a‘tiny remarkable vineyard
not far from Yquem itself. The wines of this little estate are invariably chateau bottled and this 1948, made with the same

scrupulous care as the wines of Yquem itself, is both a rarity and a bargain.

ALSATIAN WINES

Bottle Case
ante ee, = a
RIB OeNs 198 2 ee 6 G4 ie ee oe ee
Shipped by F. Muller
The Riesling is, of course, one of the two greatest of all white wine grapes, and on the steep and castle-covered hills of
Alsace, it produces a wine of unusual fragrance and charm, of which this 1950 is an excellent example. A bargain at this price.

CHAMPAGNES

Bottle Case

Savi Bhs. On TON ee ee ee eee ee

The Rosé or Pink Champagnes have a particular charm all their own, and they delight the eye as well as the palate. Generally

speaking, they are shorter-lived than other Champagnes, and mature more quickly, This 1949 is an excellent example.

Bottle Case
Pinte, BiGANG OG BLANC 1940. a eee 96.75

Most conventional Champagnes are-made from a blend of black grapes and white, and the Champagne country itself is divided
into two major districts -- the northern planted to black grapes, whereas the southern, around Epernay, produces Blanc de
Blancs or white wine from white grapes. The most famous vineyard towns of this southern district are Mesnil and Cramant.
Their wines have a lightness and a special delicacy which make them enormously popular in France. They mature compara-
tively early, and should be drunk, in most cases, before their fifth birthday. This Mesnil 1949 is the product of a great year,

and is now at its best

CaN AS j Over Forty Superb Wines from the Cellars of oO. (in Macs oy
ee pe 2 FRANK SCHOONMAKER Carefully UL ad

at SALE PRICES that cannot be ignored

*ALL DESCRIPTIVE COMMENTS
WRITTEN BY FRANK SCHOONMAKER

SHERRY WINE & SPIRITS CO... ine.

 
