good red, white and rose

Joulouse-lautrec = isisstirses | Red Bordeaux

e
IN) le al- al ican-Can. A trio designed | Bottle
to add festivity, |
‘land delightful Sif 72 VINTAGE - Frowned upon during their youth, the '72s are now showing
=) your Summer living. lovely dark color, great smoothness, and easy drinkability.

Perhaps the best values in red Bordeaux available today.

 

LITER VIN
BLANC DE BLANCS You can buy these wines by|
Here is the kind of dry, the bottle (each a generous The 1972 BONANZA Continues!
easy-to-drink white wine 33.8-0z Liter size) - by

being enthusiastically the case - or packed 6 in
consumed with joyous ‘Le Can-Can if you wish to
abandon in the bistros 'delight your weekend host,
of Paris and the country your spouse - or yourself.
inns of Provence this Summer.

Here are some of the great names of Bordeaux at completely liveable
prices - prices actually lower than what you would pay for them in
Bordeaux today. More good news! Buy 4 or more cases of any ‘72s
listed below, and deduct 10% from the case price. A bonanza indeed!

Due for arrival in July. | GRAND VIN DE BORDEAUX CHATEAU HAUT GUIRAUD
Pe eee (Cotes de Bourg)
Where do knowledgeable wine drinke
from Bordeaux find good red wine
drinking? - the Cotes de Bourg
river from the Haut-Medoc.

Oooo eer 339.99 case

 

S 16). 70

Th er So
o-_

Ger. ©

a
Me &

LITER VIN ROUGE HAUT GUIRAUD

Here again, the French recognize a years.
good thing when they see it. We are $2.49 the bottle, it defies
dealing with a lusty red wine, without ee French wine prices can only
vintage or high pedigree that - in the es
spirit of Toulouse-Lautrec - is poured CHATEAU LA GARDE (Graves)
freely throughout France, particularly On Sale: Save more than $5 the c
in the warm Summer months should a red firm of Eschenauer is proprietor
wine is called for. vineyards as Rausan-Segla, Olivier,
are rightly proud of this velvety

Ss ct (DD
nn

mH

cdétes de bourg

$3.49 ETeer 2. 309.0. Case

 

Pomerols are perhaps the most a|
wines since the Merlot grape im

LITER VIN ROSE and velvety dark color. Here's

The gay, spirited pink

corer Of @ Vin Tose. CLOS RENE (Pomerol)

comes into its own in Another Pomerol, from one of the best and m

the Summertime. Unlike regarded estates in the region. The softne

most rose wines, this

pe is truly. dry.. you

will like it - serve it CHATEAU LEOVILLE BARTON (St. Julien)

chilled. In 1972, the best of the three famous Leoville wines.
Amply justifies this chateau's proud rank of Second Growt

$3.49 Liter $39.95 case

Sm CHATEAU DUCRU BEAUCAILLOU (St. Julien)

Owner Jean-Eugene Borie has sparked a renaissance é
Lao

AT
Ducru Beaucaillou. His '72 is one of best of the year.
Looking for the most imaginative of Summer gifts: a
Hevesi lai ye | CHATEAU LATOUR
Bs (Pauillac)

The handsome, vividly colored, Toulouse-Lautrec F Our colleague Sam Aaron was
Le Can-Can holding 6 bottles of these delightful a recently a guest at Chateau Latour,
French wines: 2 Blanc de Blancs, 2 Rouge, 2 Rose. GRAND VIN where they served a Magnum of their 1911,

$ oS oo DI the year of his birth. He also re-tasted the
Only 26 — = for all 6 bottles in Le Can-Can | CHATEAU LATOUR unheralded 1972 and was delighted with its
\

#)| balance, bouquet and roundness. A superb value.

(Would sell for $27.89 if purchased individually)

Cc
BB

 
