THE QUIET BEAUTY of the cellar scene
that appears on the cover of this, our 26th
Fall Sale, somehow to me, captures the
spirit and emotion of the holiday season.
All of us here at Sherry’s are proud of
our cellars, that pre-date the Civil War,
and surely match, in dignity, solidity and
impressiveness, the best underground
wine caves of Europe. It is reassuring to
our clientele to know that any of the
wines that they may pick from this ‘Sale
List’ will be free of the normal storage
risks that wines are exposed to, for they
have been quietly maturing in this happy
home, right here in New York, 45 feet
below the busy sidewalks above. OLD
CLARET is one of the great joys that re-
main to me as I approach my more ma-
ture years. The color photograph on Page
Four, a still life of an old bottle, a de-
canter and a glowing candle, will strike a
responsive chord in the heart of every
wine lover. The picture was originally
taken by Percy Hennel, one of England’s

greatest photographers and appears in
the classic book “The Great Wines of
France” written by André Simon and
published recently by McGraw-Hill. |
recommend the book and I recommend
the old Clarets that you will find in these

pages, particularly the Chateau Margaux
1947 which I consider one of the greatest

vinous joys available to man today.

THE HOLIDAY OFFERINGS that we
have gathered this year at Sherry’s un-
doubtedly constitute the most important
and exciting collection of intriguing
wines and spirits of our history—wines
and spirits carefully selected to help you,
to embark on joyous tasting adventures
among the leading vineyards and distil-
leries of the world. Nor have we ignored
the fact that Christmas will soon be upon
us—there is a wide range of gift possibili-
ties in our shop this year—a pleasant
sion to those seeking more imaginative
Christmas ideas... there is an astonish-

IS)

>) e a

In this beau-
tiful “Cella-
rette” your
gift becomes
doubly pre-
cious. Only
$2.95 addi-

tional.

ing collection of Vintage Ports that in-
clude almost every year from 1886 to
1950—true museum treasures that can be
given as your thoughtful and personal
gift to celebrate a particular birthday or
anniversary—or, as an exciting Christmas
gift to commemorate a particularly sig-
nificant year that has taken place during
the recipient’s lifetime... and everyone
will surely be delighted with the “Cellar-
ette,” rich in dignified charm and adapt-

Continued on Page Fifteen

 
