    
     
  
 
 
    
  
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
 
 
  
 
   
    
   
   
   
   
     
  
    
   
  
   
 
    
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
    
  
   
   
   
   
    
   
  
   
   
    
   
     
  
 
  
 
   

—

sy

ae
“<>
”

4.99 54,9!

5.49 60.50
Rui WINES

Lay &ivd

~

“J

We do believe that the intelligent way for
travelers and skiers to reach Switzerland is
by SWISSAIR. There are many flights to
Zurich and Geneva. Another advantage, of
course, is the fact that you are plunged into
the gastronomy of the country you are visit
ing shortly after the plane leaves Idlewild.
SWISSAIR takes its food preparation on
the flight quite seriously. Its Managing Di
rector, Mr. Mayr, knows the wines and food
of Switzerland as well as anyone.

Chis airline has recently prepared a most
attractive, definitive and interesting recipe
booklet, in full color, on the food of Switz
erland. They enthusiastically report to us
that if any of you want a free copy you
need simply write: Mr. A. Treichler, Cate
ing Manager, Hangar 15 SWISSAIR, Idle
wild Airport, Queens. Mr. Treichle1 prom
ises that upon receipt of your letter or card,
he will post a copy to you the very same
day. We consider the booklet worthwhile
and you will be delighted to have it.

 

SWISSAIR has given us its own recipe for
Cheese Fondue:

I
1

4 lb. Gruyere

4 lb. Emmentaler cheese, shredded, or the

equivalent in slices, finely cut

2 tablespoons flour

I clove fresh garlic

2 cups dry white wine

3 tablespoons Kirsch or 4 tablespoons Cognac,

Apple Jack or Slivowitz

Nutmeg, pepper and salt to taste.

2 loaves Italian or French bread with hard
crust cut into bite-size pieces, each of which
must have at least one side of crust.

Dredge cheese with flour. Rub cooking uten
sil well with garlic. Pour in wine; set over slow
heat. When wine is heated to point that air
bubbles rise to the surface, add cheese by
handfuls, stirring constantly with wooden fork
or spoon. Keep stirring until cheese is melted.

{dd nutmeg, pepper and salt to taste. Sti
again for about 2 to 3 minutes. Add Kirsch
(or brandy, etc.).

Serve bubbling hot.

 

DINNER \ major daily activity, which

can be accomplished in worthy fashion

only by intelligent people. It is not enough
to eat. To dine, there must be diversified
calm conyersation. It should sparkle with
the rubies of the wine between courses
be deliciously suave with the sweetness ol

|

dessert, and acquire true profundity with

the coffec

WINI Wine is the intellectual part of a

meal. Meats are merely the material part
Alexandre Dumas
DICTIONARY OF CUISINI

SHERRY WINE & SPIRITS

ee

al I

 

Swiss National Tourist Bureau
THE SOPHISTICATION OF ST. MORITZ

It is said of St. Moritz that “they come from near and they come from far and they do their
skiing in a fashionable bar.” There is only one St. Moritz. It features a rich cross section of
royalty, movie stars, renowned artists, millionaires and international society. There are
now 43 hotels, “four palace hotels,” the greatest being The Palace. The town itself nestles
at an altitude above 6000 ft., and six languages are spoken.

The real life of St. Moritz starts at about 5 P.M. with the first aperitif and ends well after
midnight amidst the pleasant clinking of Champagne glasses. We list below some extraordi-
nary wines and spirits that can be obtained by the discriminating of St. Moritz.

SOME SOPHISTICATED WINES & SPIRITS
No. Bottle Case

23 MUMM’S CORDON ROUGE ROSE 1955. . 9.79 107.71

“Caviar—Champagne—Cordon Rouge’’—the three glittering Cs that represent elegance. The Cordon Rouge is
seen everywhere, but the more knowledgeable are aware that this world-renowned firm also makes what is con-
sidered the best pink Champagne of the world. It is produced in small quantities. Some finds its way to the
better restaurants of Paris, London, St. Moritz—and now the United States. Expensive—but remarkable.

681 GRAND MONTRACHET 1960 (Thevenin). . 9.00 97.20

Wine lovers speak in hushed tones of the great Montrachet vineyard—only 20 acres in size and only 2000 cases
a year. This ne plus ultra of white wines, perhaps the greatest in the world, is doled in teaspoon quantities to the
various capitals of the earth.

238 RICHEBOURG 1958
(Domaine de la Romanee Conti) . . . . .

9.17 100.00

The very sound of the words ‘‘Romanee Conti’ conjures up the dream of a great wine experience to any
Burgundy afficionado. The owner of the vineyard is Comte de Villaine—he took a risk in 1958—generally an
unfashionable year. He gambled everything on the weather—complete ruin or success—and won his bet. He
picked three weeks later than his neighbors and his 1958 is one of the best red wines he has ever produced. We
quote one of our more discriminating wine customers who recently said, “This is probably the best red Burgundy
I have tasted since the war.” Quantity limited.

20 LAURENT PERRIER 1953 . 12.35 133.38

Champagne was first popularized in the 18th Century during the reign of
Louis XVI. He liked it so much that he ordered the court physician to prescribe
it for every ailment. The bottle in which Champagne appeared in those days was
truly beautiful, with graceful sloping shoulders—a far cry from the present fac-
tory production shapes. Laurent Perrier is proud of the champagne which he
makes in limited quantities and considers it the best of France. He has decided to
put it in hand-created bottles, identical to those that were beloved by Louis XVI.
It is available in limited quantities on the S/S France, in London, Paris, St.
Moritz and now, New York. It is truly worth trying.

167 CHATEAU HAUT BRION 1934 (Graves) . . 9.95 110.00

No wine would be more fitting for a great dinner at the Palace Hotel. This vineyard was once owned by the
Prince de Talleyrand, it is now owned by the Clarence Dillon family, and produces what is surely one of the
great red wines on earth. It exhibits a power, coupled with finesse, which makes this 1934 very alive and shows
the promise of outliving us all. And for those who love great old clarets, we also happily report that we have
some 1926 and 1943 Haut Brion at the same price. A mixed case of all three vintages would cost you $110.00.
less than you would pay for this wine in Bordeaux today.

2841 MARTELL V.S.0,P,.' .. . . « ue num 4 ee ae ee

At no point do we pretend that the “old guard” of St. Moritz are indifferent to cost. They rather like to combine
high quality with good value. The proprietor of any sportswear shop on the main street would testify to the
astuteness of the St. Moritz shoppers. Here is Cognac that has won their vote of pleasure—the V.S.O.P. of
Martell—outstanding delicacy, coupled with modest cost.

2826 HINE FAMILY RESERVE COGNAC .19.75 225.00

Since the early 19th Century it has been the custom of the Hine family to set aside the best Cognac produced
during a particularly outstanding year for their own future use—ultimately to be served to honored guests. For
the first time, Francois Hine, Managing Director of this venerable firm, has consented to part with a few of
these treasured bottles—each is numbered and bears a back label relating the unique history of the contents,
hand signed by a Hine Director. Some of you have paid $24.75 for this bottle last month, expressed your opinion
that it is the best you have ever tasted and inquired as to whether there would be more in 1963. We still own 12
cases which we are putting on sale during this winter period at only $19.75 the bottle. An appropriate time to
hoard a supply of Cognac for the next year or two

 

8 THE BELOVED SWISS SPIRIT
LA Bottle Case

4 KIRSCH DE ZOUG 8.89 101.35

Mr. Michel Dreyfus, Grand Master of the New York Chapter of the
Confrerie des Chevaliers du Tastevin, was born in Switzerland and

 

takes his kirsch most seriously. In his opinion, and we share it, the
moe best kirsch (a distillate of wild cherries) comes from the tiny country

pee town of Zoug. Add fragrance to your fondue with kirsch de Zoug, or
et Se serve it afterwards, slightly chilled, as one of the best after-dinner
hee ppeet drinks of the spirit world. And, for those who wish to tread more
tt Se cautiously, we have half bottles at $4.45 each

CoO. INC. 679 MADISON AVE. N. Y.—TEMPLETON $8-7500

... Page Seven
