  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
    
   
      
   

Lhe Wines & Spirits of
St. Edmund Hall

   

4
we
7

 
   

RE : SENIOR COMMON ROOM
SN ; FINE TAWNY PORT
Be . Efpecially felected for the Cellars of
ny |
et . h LL ° « : ST. EDMUND HALL :
Pe in the
# ie 5 In C C mversity : Univerfity of Oxford

PRODUCE OF PORTUGAL—BOTTLED IN ENGLAND

* CERRY ~

 

of Oxfor d

Our associate, Sam Aaron, only recently delivered
a paper at Oxford University entitled, “Wine, Science
and Pleasure”. Should any of you want a copy of
this paper, we will gladly mail you one on request.

The wines and spirits listed below proudly bear the
name of St. Edmund Hall, one of the 32 individual,

St. Edmund Hall
BLENDED
SCOTCH WHISKY

Efpecially felected fer the Cellars of

ST. EDMUND HALL
im the
Univerfity of Oxford

  

DISTILLED AND BLENDED AND BOTTLED IN SCOTLAND

independent institutions of learning which, collec- The Colles Case

tively, comprise the University of Oxford. St.

Edmund Hall dates its origin back to the 13th SHERRY
Century, and much of the original building still

stands. The most popular drink of Oxford

It is with a sense of pride that we offer these care- Bottle Case

fully selected wines and spirits to the discriminating S4 High Table Fino Sherry 3.49 39.75
drinkers of New York.

The Fellows, in their long black gowns, sweep to their places
at High Table—the Senior Fellow taps his gavel—the under-

*New York State Law prevents us from advertising liquor prices graduates rise—and then the Fino Sherry is served. There-
. .. $0 please telephone, write or visit us... we shall quote you after, the famous Oxford conversation flows freely, ideas are
immediately . . . you will be pleased with the prices. . . . exchanged, and wit sharpens on wit. It is out of this tradition

that this honourable pale dry Sherry was born.

SCOTCH WHISKY

S5 Abingdon Amontillado Sherry 3.79 42.75
S1 The Scotch of St. Edmund Hall*
St. Edmund of Abingdon occupied the exalted seat of Arch-
A Scotch Whisky of exceptional balance and rich flavour. It bishop of Canterbury from 1234 to 1240. He was the first
has delighted undergraduates and Fellows of St. Edmund Hall Oxonian to become Primate of the English Church and the
for generations. You will share their enthusiasm for its har- first to be canonized. This remarkable Sherry, bearing the
monious balance and full maturity. The Oxford scholars, name of the town in which St. Edmund lived, is distinguished
glass in hand, delight in quoting from Robert Burns, ‘Freedom by fulness of flavour coupled with a clean, dry finish. We know
and whisky gang thegither.’ of no Amontillado which is superior.
BRANDY S6 Cyril’s Own Cream Sherry 4.95 55.75
S2 Pale and Dry English Market Cognac Brandy* Cyril, the butler, has loyally served the College for over thirty
years and is still there today. Cyril advises freshmen in choos-
England has a long history of being the world’s most discern- ing the right wines; mixes the punch; prepares the ‘Loving
ing critic of Brandy. The Oxonian takes it seriously and Cup’ from an ancient and secret recipe; and recommends the
requires that it be pale, dry, delicate and of superior finesse. Sherry. Here is ‘Cyril’s Own’ Cream Sherry, the one served at
This mature spirit has passed the rigid St. Edmund test. In tea-time and prior to the weekly ordeal of the tutorial. Rich,
the Senior Common Room the learned scholars delight in a full, dramatically luxurious, very old, and the peer of any
‘spot of good Cognac’ with their coffee and cigars. Cream Sherry on the market.

     
     
   
   
    
    
   
    
    
    
    
   
      
     
    

IMPORTED GIN PORT AND MADEIRA
S3 London Dry Gin* Bottle Case
A superlative spirit distilled at 90 proof, with a flavour ap- S7 Senior Common Room Fine Tawny Port 3.49 39.75

proved by generations of members of St. Edmund Hall. In
Oxford, it is drunk with water and bitters, or with Vermouth.
A pure spirit which will do honour to any long drink, or to
Dry Martini.

The cellars of Oxford are world-renowned for the impeccable

qualities of their Tawny and Vintage Ports. The Port cere-

mony—the table is cleared; its mahogany surface is resplen-

dent with fruit, bowls of nuts, candelabra; Port glasses are

lifted, accompanied by the ritual salute, ‘GENTLEMEN,
MEAD THE QUEEN.’ This is the very Port that has been used

tig countless times for such occasions.
In the Oxford tradition

Bottle C
a sie S8 Dry Rainwater Madeira 3.79 42.75

     
   
    
    
   
     
      

° >

pe To Mr. R. E. Alton, our Shakespearian scholar and friend at St.
One of the oldest drinks in the Western World: a fermentation Edmund, reports, ‘Falstaff was said by Poins to have sold his
of honey and grape-juice, it was the traditional drink of the soul for a cup of Madeira.’ It is probable that Poins was
Anglo-Saxon aristocracy when they gathered in the “Mead talking about the rich, heavy, and sweet Bual or Malmsey
Hall’. King Alfred is the reputed founder of Oxford Uni- Maderia. Here, we recommend a Rainwater Madeira which is
versity, and his drink, Mead, is still consumed here. It can light, relatively dry and pale. It is often served slightly chilled,
be taken like wine with any meal and is an unusual drink at as one would a dry Sherry, before dinner. Experts tell us it 1s
any time. Serve with gin, vodka or rum—or as a long drink the best example of Rainwater produced on the island of
with bitter lemon, tonic or iced lime juice. Wassail! Madeira.

SHERRY-LEHMANN, INC. ¢« 679 Madison Avenue, N.¥. 21. TEKmpleton 88-7500

     
   

Printed in England by Robert Stockwell Ltd, Baden Place, London, S.E.1.
