   

    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
    

“A fter the cool ocean freshness of the
oysters, nothing is more heartwarming
to the digestion than a clear and wonder-
ful consommé which, incidently is a
bow to tradition. It should not be a
doctored consommé, but a pure essence
of the Turkey, simply seasoned with the
demanding flavor of the bird crisply
and clearly breaking through in all its
vigor. I know that many of you feel that
the Turkey is a dull bird, but with the
first tablespoon of this essence, I will
lay odds that you will change your
mind. It is an amazingly simple soup
to prepare, requiring a little bit of time
and patience and practically no work.
The easy recipe appears below and, this
soup in its simple dignity, calls for a
happy mate. Nothing would go with it
better than an authentic Malmsey Vin-
tage Madeira such as the 1868 vintage.
This Madeira, or its equivalent, may
have inspired Shakespeare to write some
of his best sonnets. One must slowly
savor the soup, then the wine, then the
soup—each separately—to get the maxi-
mum sensuous pleasure out of this
course.”

Editor’s Note: The 1868 Malmsey
Vintage Madeira is one of the greatest
Madeiras we have ever tasted. Rich, full,
vigorous. We do not have many bottles.
They cost $18.75 each. As a less expen-
sive alaternate, we suggest the Rain-
water Madeira of St. Edmund Hall in
the University of Oxford, which is avail-
able at $3.79 the bottle.

“As the ‘piece de resistance,’ simple

as it may sound, I know of few dishes _

that have the drama and rich taste sen-

sation that a properly aged Saddle of |
Venison, well prepared can provide— $5
especially at the Christmas dinner where !
we are looking for out-of-the-ordinary ‘

repast. The trick is to get good venison

—and it is not easy. I know of one man
who will not let you down. He is Mr.
Kaufman, the proud and knowledgable
proprietor of the Maryland Market at

412 Amsterdam Avenue, New York City. 22

His phone number is LY 5-1223 and I
suggest you phone and ask for him per-
sonally, describing your problem and
asking his advice. He is a man worth
listening to. Mr. Kaufman also tells me
that he delivers everywhere in the Met-
ropolitan area, so even if you live in
Long Island or Westchester, it will get to
you provided you give enough notice.
Incidentally, perfect venison does not
cost much more than many of the usual
meats served at home throughout the
year. See to it that the rack is tied to-
gether at the end side of the loin and
the fillet is left intact. In this fashion,
when you have carved the long slices
along the top of the Saddle, you can
then invert the meat, remove the fillets,
and slice those for the guests as well.

“T have done a lot of experimentation
for proper accompaniment to venison
and, in my opinion, nothing goes better
than a fine purée of chestnuts and
braised romaine—both perfect foils for
the meat.

“Despite the rich taste of this game
meat, there is enough depth of flavor,
lusciousness and richness in Richebourg
1961 of Louis Gros to meet the chal-
lenge, and in the opinion of some of
my guests, to even overcome it— no easy
task for any wine! I almost forgot—
there should be a garniture with the ven-
ison—tiny onions, braised and blended
with mushrooms and bits of tried out
pork. The juices—and they are glorious
—should merely be the pan juices from
the roasting process itself.”

Editor’s Note: The Richebourg 1961
of Louis Gros, the Mayor of Vosne Ro-
manee, is one of the greatest red Bur-
gundies in our armory. It sells for
$12.00 the bottle and is worth it. As a
less expensive Burgundian alternative,
we suggest the Corton Renardes 1961
or . Prince de Merode at $5.99 the

ottle.

“The next choice in the dinner is quite
obvious—there almost seems to be no
alternative. The meal now calls for a
perfect and whole ripe Brie cheese in
runny condition. Originally we were
going to advise you to write to Fauchon
in Paris and have them air express one
to you, ready to be eaten. This did not
prove practical because we have just re-
ceived a letter from Mr. Ed Bory, Chair-
man of the Board of Fauchon, who
states, ‘The Brie is soft—it would have
to be packed in a metallic box—it would
be very complicated and difficult—I
would suggest getting the best Brie you
can find in New York.’ Following Mr.
Bory’s advice—and he is a wise man—
I think the best you can do is to get in
touch with Mr. Heyward, the cheese
buyer at Bloomingdale’s and he will re-
serve one for you, or Wynne & Treanor
on the East Side—and there is Maryland
Market on the West Side or, if you live
Downtown, the Village Cheese Shop
does a surprisingly good job. Remem-
ber, a good Brie must be soft, runny,
but not over runny or over ripe; it must
be free of that unpleasant ammonia
odor which is the mark of a Brie being
over the hill. If Brie is not your dish, try
a fine Roquefort, which co-shares the
heights of fine cheese eating. The Cha-

eE/"\ teau Cheval Blanc 1949 is a claret

 

lover’s dream. I have rarely tasted claret

as great or as perfect.”
Continued on Page 9

EXCITING NEWS FOR WINE DRINKERS! There will be a provocative discussion of “WINE IN OUR CIVILIZA-
TION” on Friday night, December 8TH. The participants in the panel discussion on the Barry Farber show will
be H. GREGORY THOMAS, President of Chanel, Inc.; ALEXIS LICHINE, author of the newly published wine
classic Encyclopedia of Wines & Spirits; and SAM AARON, President of Sherry-Lehmann, Inc., and wine consul-

tant to Time-Life Books.

THE TIME—Friday, December 8th at 11:15 P.M.

THE PLACE—Radio Station WOR—770 on the dial

It promises to be provocative, stimulating, amusing and an excellent prelude to the Christmas season.

9111 CO
James
Cogn
its bes

147 CH
Ranke
year.

699 CAI

182 CH
Emil P
sponsit
equal o

572 CHA

4 cH

of ay ‘
this prj

SHEp

 
