KKK KAI IOI III tO Ik

EDITOR’S NOTE: Our Associate. James Beard, has often been re-
ferred to by the press as ‘King of the American food experts.” Many of
you know him from our shop, from his best selling books on food and

wine, and from his monthly articles that appear in “House & Garden.”

We happily report that the most important of James Beard’s books on
food has just been issued by the Delacorte Press. It is called “Menus
for Entertaining.” Here, Mr. Beard passes on the wisdom that has made
him a renowned host. It is an indispensable book for those interested in

-ase and success in menu planning and entertaining.

RIO OID OI III OOK ttt Kok

BP /SR BS BP eee, atltepe tenet

FARE OLC? 1961 C Decvrsusta

pn eon TAT €6UUUUEULTWL a

aC leuwn tienen

SOrAayv FE Vos <
od a ee see aware 4

ROAST TURKEY WITH
BRAZIL NUT STUFFING

Prepare turkey for the oven and fill
with the following stuffing:

Saute 10 shallots, finely chopped, in
14 pound butter, and when they are
lightly colored, add % pound smoked
ham, finely ground, 4 cup chopped
parsley, 1 teaspoon salt, and % tea-
spoon each thyme and freshly ground
pepper. Blend the mixture with 4 cups
zwieback crumbs. or_ toasted’ bread
crumbs, 2 whole eggs, 4 cup Madeira,
and 2/3 cup coarsley chopped _ brazil
nuts. Mix thoroughly, and adjust the
seasoning.

Grease the skin of the turkey with
a light coating of butter, wrap the bird
in aluminum foil and bake in a 350°
oven for 20 minutes per pound. Remove
the foil from the turkey 1% hour before
it is finished roasting to allow it to
brown.

PEAS WITH WHITE ONIONS

Peel small white onions, parboil
them in salted water and drain. Add 1
or 2 packages frozen peas, according
to your needs, and cook according to
the directions on the package. Add 2
tablespoons butter, salt and pepper to
taste.

duce the Shakespearean theme from their remarkable edition of “Shake ire—Tel

The color illustrations that you see here were created by Alice and \

(latarey J

~~ JS A fe Be

 

SWEET POTATO CROQUETTES

For 6 servings, cook 3 large sweet
potatoes in boiling water until tender.
Peel and mash them with 14 teaspoon
salt and the yolks of 2 eggs. Add 2Z
tablespoons sherry or Madeira and
flavor with a little cinnamon. Cool and
then form into croquettes. Beat 2 egg
whites until foamy. Dip the croquettes
in flour, then in the egg whites, and
finally roll them in shredded almonds.
Fry in hot fat (375°F.) until golden
brown. Drain on absorbent paper.

WARM PUMPKIN PIE

BLAZED WITH KIRSCH
Beat thoroughly with rotary beater,
or better still combine in a blender. 2
cups pumpkin puree, canned or fresh.
2 teaspoons cinnamon, 2/3 cup brown
sugar, 4 teaspoon ginger, 14 teaspoon
salt and 1 cup milk. If blender is used.
the ingredients will have to be thor-
oughly mixed and \% the quantity
blended at a time. Stir in 2 beaten eggs
and | cup heavy cream. Pour into un-
baked pie shell, sprinkle the top with
cinnamon and bake in a 325° oven for
90 minutes. Serve while still warm from
the oven. Pour over the pie 2 ounces
Kirsch and take blazing to the table.

»n Great Plays.”

1 Martin Provensen, who have

won acclaim and awards for the remarkable quality of their book illustrations.

We also wish to express thanks to HARVEY’S of Bristol, England,

]

engravings that were created for them by David Gentleman for this wine list.

SHERRY-LEHMANN, INC. ¢ 679 Madison Avenue, N.Y. 21 e TEmpleton 8-7500

a

ae en ee Sl ee

 

2V2I_-so
