 

  

A FEW WORDS FROM OXFORD UNIVERSITY ABOUT

At first sight, there may seem to be little connexion between Sherry’s of Madison Avenue and St. Edmund
Hall, the oldest college of the 32 colleges that comprise Oxford University, but a connexion there is none-
the-less. Let us not forget that there has always been an affinity between learning and good drink and a
particular affinity between Oxford and good living. In the 18th Century, the popular image of Oxford was
more concerned with drink and revelry than with learning; but today, the age of sobriety, practicality and
science has touched Oxford, however lightly. But there still survives a sense of good living — the feeling
that making oneself comfortable is not a sin, but a mark of common sense. Even today, the Oxonian would,
with little reservation, accept Dr. Johnson’s remark that ‘he who does not mind the pleasures of his belly,
will hardly mind anything else”.

All of this is a preamble to a remarkable story; the link between Sherry’s and St. Edmund Hall, the one a
New York wine merchant, founded in 1934, the other an institution of learning, founded in the 13th Century.
Some places simply sell wine; others know wine, search out wines and liquors from every part of the world
as one might furnish a great library. Sherry’s is such a place. It takes a knowledgeable, ever-seeking
and dedicated wine merchant to unearth the treasures from the Nicolas cellars that you seen in this catalog;
and equally, to unearth from the centuries-old cellars of St. Edmund Hall a whisky that was laid down when
the present Duke of Windsor was an undergraduate, a Fino sherry that is in the classic tradition of Magdalen
College’s Famous Deer or the outstanding Senior Common Room Port.

One of the oldest institutions in Oxford has permitted Sherry’s to make available to discriminating drinkers
of America a limited supply of its special selections. A list of the various wines and liquors available appears
on the following page and nothing will be said of them here except that they are, in every sense, worthy of
their origin and are remarkable bottles of unique quality. Those of you who have been to Oxford will drink
the fruits of St. Edmund’s cellar with nostalgia. We hope that others will drink joyously for the intrinsic
goodness that each bottle will surely provide.

 

 
