   

ional, Samplers

Bu loon te wae tree
ay Am - and one white »
In & andy ih e ren nding ee 19 ea-
st On
ime ace % dise veries Soy satisty ek cent Maeo™ ee
The Four h. ° 4 at TE ° type
i portlet LLY: LA at Medal eee noe eT
3 BR te pottled. Leal wines fruity : ar fe.
Just as good hooks demand handsome bookcases, fine if est summed 96) a aw Ae a dec
wines equally deserve a proper habitat. Inspired by Ch GNY) Confrerle u ion ‘ yA
this concept, we have created four regional samplers, fa Received an WiNe-s WB RIIN, of the greates yf
each holding impeccable examples of the wine-growing A suP SELLE cya oy ee re “af
districts, and all presented to you on a monersavine “fle CHA tled by Pe t tasted 207 ©
. - iS ; 1
level in our handsome, sturdy, and forever useful wine ae oN

rack.

These wines will provide opportunities for joyous
comparison whilst the rack (designed by the world
renowned wine and food authority, James Beard) will
remain, long after the intriguing contents are con-
sumed, as a welcome addition to any home. Here, also,
is an inspired, exciting gift to send or bring to your
summer week-end hostess—or can be sent as a most
timely gift to celebrate an anniversary, birthday, or
other festive occasions.

 

      
        

For those who prefer
these regional assortments without
the wine rack, simply deduct $4.95 from the total.

 

 

THE JAMES BEARD WINE RACK Retails regularly at $12.95
> 4 Pick any 12 bottles among these pages

  
   
   
  
 
  
  
   
 
   
  
 
   
     
     
     
       
       

 

HXKK
RANDY %
7.

add only $4.95 for Wine Rack.

 

 

Embark on a joyous tasting experience among the better vine-
yards of the Rhine and Moselle. Each was personally selected
for its excellence by FRANK SCHOONMAKER after compara-

tive tastings. We agree with his findings that they are “best of
class.”

3 GEISENHEIMER KATZENLOCH, 1963 2.19 ea.
Estate-bottled by von Zwierlein. Fragrant, dry,
ideal summer wine.
JOHANNISBERGER HOLLE, 1963 2.79 ea.

A remarkable Rheingau; astonishing. Estate-bottled by Eser.

PIESPORTER MICHELSBERG, 1965 2.19 ea.
A fragrant, remarkable, young Moselle. Truly dry.
FALKENSTEINER HOFBERG, 1965 2.19 ea.

Estate-bottle Moselle discovery from the Wilhelm Gymnasium.

MIXED CASE OF ALL
12 FULL
— only 5297

BOTTLES
Would cost $33.03 if purchased individually.
