   
   
 
   
   
 
   
  
  
  
     
 
 
  
 
   
      

 
 

The Wines & Spirits of
St. Edmund Hall

in the Umversity

    
  

 

       

wriness mixes

and secret rec

Cream Sherr

ordeal of the

and the peer ¢

#4,9,049,0,0,91010,0,9,0,0,8,0,08 8] Senior Cot

yey { | |

The cellars

qualities of th

the table is c_

Sherry-Lehmann, Inc. boi of nut

: ritual salute,

Port that has |

SHERRY % Dry Rainn

St. Edmund Hall 1S. O11€ of the The most popular drink of Oxford ny

° aes A 2 8, :

32 individual, independent, institu- Bottle Case as?

. . . . S4 High T: i 3.49 39.75

tions of learning which, collectively, eee ane Snerey | ch, heavy, a

eet ol a ; hOsforcd The Fellows, in their long black gowns, sweep to their places at High mend a Ray

comprise the niversity O xtord. Table—the Senior Fellow taps his gavel—the undergraduates rise— ‘ I often sen

and then the Fino Sherry is served. Thereafter, the famous Oxford cer, Exper

One of the best cellars of the conversation flows freely, ideas are exchanged, and wit sharpens on wit. On theisland
. ; > ‘ It is out of this tradition that this h rable pale dry Sherry was born.

University of Oxford can be: found oe ee ee

at historic St. Edmund H all, which S5 Abingdon Amontillado Sherry 3.79 42.75
dates its origin back to the 13th St. Edmund of Abingdon occupied the exalted seat of Archbishop of
Canterbury from 1234 to 1240. He was the first Oxonian to become

Century. Primate of the English Church and the first to be canonized. This i) Atchbish

remarkable Sherry, bearing the name of the town in which St. 0

It is with a sense of pride that Edmund lived, is distinguished by fulness of flavour coupled with a hs of the 9

cs clean, dry finish. We know of no Amontillado which is superior. ey and gra

we offer these carefully selected “Mottacy wh

p a ; ok °1) TeDuted form

wines and spirits to the discriminat- at Wee Own Cream Sheery eee tad

° . 2 . se . t

ing d rink ers of New York. Cyril, the butler, has loyally served the College for over thirty years Unusyal drink

and is still there today. Cyril advises freshmen in choosing the right Me drink

  
