 

 
   

BS cauz OLAS and
Touilly Friss¢

Classic

ein
ote the"

Meemase= of 12

The S.S. President Garfield arrives mid-June carrying flawless examples
of fresh, distinguished, young Beaujolais and Pouilly Fuissé in the be-
loved, classic “Pot” bottle—charming wines of the 1958 vintage that have
been hand picked after days of tasting by Alexis Lichine—the same wines
that are being consumed today so enthusiastically by appreciative French-
men—for whom the half bottle is hardly enough and the full bottle some-
times too much. Here they are, just in time to add pleasure to your
summer dining, in this graceful, ‘in-between bottle,’ a generous 17 ounce
size—not quite as large as the regular bottle, but almost 00% larger than

the half bottle. |

 

P1 FLEURIE, LES MORIERS, 1958 (Mousset)
M. Mousset’s cellar is my text book ideal for Beaujolais—a de-
lightful Beaujolais from fine vineyard, which ages extremely
gracefully.

P2 MOULIN A VENT, DOMAINE BURDELINES, 1958
A very well made wine—fat, round and full—possesses what the

French call “Tace”—makes a very fine bottle—from best Beau-
jolais vineyard land.

P3 BEAUJOLAIS BLANC 1958 (Thevenot)

Fine white Beaujolais, sensitive, well balanced—Mr. Thevenot’s
two vats won first prize among white Beaujolais at a recent wine
festival—it is wine from these two vats that is being shipped in
“Pot” to Sherry’s.

P4 POUILLY F UISSE, CLOS JARAMBON, 1958
This very wine obtained a medal as one of the three best wines
produced in Pouilly in 1958. Golden color with a hint of Emerald

green—more body than average white Burgundy—a wine that
should last well.

**All wine descriptions by Alexis Lichine

THREE EACH OF THE
FOUR WINES LISTED
ABOVE—

BY THE BOTTLE $17.88

Only

$7@°>

For all Twelve

  

, Ys HAUJOL Pm we baba ~ ap
Z MOULIN A VEN!

   

 
 

 

(Pronounced Po.)

ALEXIS LICHINE, out-
standing wine authority
and author of the defini-
tive book “The Wines of
France,” writes us as
Br follows:

 

“During April, I tasted my way through
southern Burgundy seeking out the best
of the 1958 Beaujolais and Pouilly Fuisse.
Since the sun shines longer here, and the
weather warmer, I knew that the vintage
would fare much better than it did fur-
ther north on the Cote dOr. However, I
had to exercise extreme care here, for the
quality of the 1958 varied tremendously
from vineyard to vineyard, and my search
was limited to exceptional bottles.

“Since then, I have had many opportuni-
ties to retaste and I can report that the
1958 Beaujolais and Pouilly that I am
now shipping to the United States in the
“Pot Bottle” are representative of the
most delightful, freshest, fruitiest wines,
somewhat on the light side, that are pro-
duced in this important wine area of
France. There are not many wines that
can match them in pleasantness for day-
in and day-out carefree drinking during
the warm summer days.”

 
