14

A New York paper, in its end-of-the-year
financial roundup pointed out that a cross-section
investment in the stock market would have yielded
a gain of 23 %—however, the increase in the value
of paintings and objects d’art during the same
period would have yielded an increase of 200%.
Even more dramatic is the fact that a case of
Chateau Haut Brion 1959, acquired in 1960, cost
the wine importer $40.00 on the Bordeaux market,
and today his replacement cost for the same wine
of the same year would cost $90.00—a fantastic
increase of over 200%.

A further evidence of a cultural explosion is
attendance at museums, increases in book sales, the
demand for tickets to the theatre, ballet, opera and
the concert, the tremendous growth in American
tourism to Europe (and the jet makes the French
vineyards and restaurants pleasantly close).

We suppose that all of this is a by-product of in-
creased personal expenditure, added leisure time,
and a mass-movement into cultural activities
(among which there is wine appreciation). And
this cultural explosion is not limited to the United
States but has affected the entire Western World.
We now compete with Frenchmen, Englishmen and
other Europeans for the same painting, the same
piece of antique furniture and the same bottle of
wine.

As wine merchants entrusted with the responsi-
bility of guiding our clientele, let us simply talk
about the noble product of the grape. In this dy-
namic cultural atmosphere, it has not been an un-
usual event for us to sell a wine at $30.00 the case,
and replace it a month later at a cost to us in excess
of $40.00. Why has this happened? A decade ago,
the vineyards produced more wine than drinkers
could absorb and the prices were depressed and
vineyard owners were an unhappy, economically-
unsuccessful group. Today, the European wine
grower has to meet the problem of low yield due
to adverse weather of recent years coupled with
a world demand that is marching upwards at a dra-
matic rate. He must charge more to compensate
for low production. We have just learned that 30
million Americans drank considerably more im-
ported wine during the 1850s than 170 million
Americans consumed during the 1950s. And when
you consider the prices, it is absolutely astounding
Chateau Lafite 1844 was $28 the case and a case
of good Scotch whisky or Bourbon cost only $6.25!
Since Scotch costs about $70 the case today, using
the same ratio, a top-flight French red wine would

 

  

by SAM AARON

command over $250!

We must remember that as long as people smoke
there will be a demand for the best cigars of
Havana, expensive as they are—and even such ex-
pensive food items as Caviar and Foie Gras cannot
be obtained in sufficient quantity to meet the world
demand—and there is no question but that there
will be people and occasions that will demand the
greatest wines of France and Germany, even
though they are destined to cost more than they
did in the past.

If one cannot afford a Haut Brion or a Lafite,
there is still a Lynch Bages or a Leoville Lascases.
We also know that if you do not insist on an inter-
nationally-famous label, it is possible to obtain
wonderful wines from Europe that do not cost
much more than $2.00. One doesn’t drink in medi-
ocre fashion, but quite excellently, if he searches
among some of the lesser-known Chateaux of Bor-
deaux, the obscurely-named but fine wines of Bur-
gundy, the better vintages of Beaujolais and Pouilly
Fuisse, the pleasing wine of the Loire, the good
honest Alsatians, the hard-to-pronounce but exqui-
site 1959s of the Rhine and Moselle—and there will
always be real bargains from the abundant Rhone
valley—and there also are excellent American
wines.

The essence of good nationalism is that we have
our feet firmly planted on our own soil but our
eyes fixed upon the world. And so it should be with
the wine-drinker. He should not overlook the hon-
est wines of California, about which we havea right
to express great pride, but he should look every-
where—lItaly, Spain, Portugal, Switzerland, Aus-
tria and as far south as Chile.

An article has just appeared in HOLIDAY
MAGAZINE that has moved us. It was written, out
of love for wine, by the eminent author, Frank
Schoonmaker, who knows as much about the wines
of France, Germany and California as anyone and
yet he chooses to comment, in open-minded fashion,
and affectionately about countries whose wines
have been generally neglected in America and de-
serve greater attention—at least the opportunity
to appear before the Supreme Court of the Palate.
This article deserves to be read and we present it
to you on the following pages.

Choose among them—many are below $2.00 the
bottle—and embark on a joyous, economical, un-
hazardous adventure in tasting among some of the
most interesting wines produced on the continent.

 

     
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
   
    
 
   
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
   

 
