BOTTLE

Arnona, te) ee $3.42
Shooting, Medium sweet. - + - 3.90
Bristol Milk, Medium-bodied, rich . 5.94
Bristol Dry, Very supertor. - + - 20)
Bristol Cream, Full-bodied, rich . . 6.69

Amontillado, Dry, delicate bouquet .
Pall Mall Cream, Very chotce .
Magnificent Brown, Heavy, sweet

Dry Don, Dry, medium .

Apitiv, Extra dry, pale fino

Brown Bang, Sweet, full
Amontillado Fino, Dry, pale .
Royal Corregidor, Finest Oloroso
Royal Esmeralda, Rare Amontillado .
Imperial Pemartin, Best of Breed

Dry Sack, Golden dry
Walnut Brown, Full, rich
Cleopatra, Pale, delicate .

We have selected our Ports from shippers of the highest integrity
which we feel is an added assurance of quality. Listed below is a
liberal selection of the various types—Vintage, Ruby and Wood,
which is commonly called Tawny. Vintage Port is produced only in
exceptional years and should be purchased several weeks prior to
use. This is necessary to insure proper rest and prevent the “crust”
which is acquired after many years of “bottle age”, from slipping
and spoiling the wine. Acquiring its name from its fiery ruby color,
Ruby Port is bottled after a relatively short stay in the cask. Tawny
Port is matured in wood for many years until it eventually loses its
fiery aspect, becoming soft and aristocratic. Port wine naturally
deposits a lot of sediment and should preferably be decanted to
achieve perfection.

BOTTLE

Black Label Tawny, Delicate . . . $151
Green Label Tawny, Medium dry . 1.88
Red Label Tawny, Full-bodied . . 1.88
sold Label Vaway, Sof, fyi)... 2.01
Choicest tawny, Perfection ....°. . 2.19

nn nn Sc st SSS

DE. LEB MANN: INC. 4 374 PARK AVENUE
120 |

Gold Cap Ruby, Light, mellow
Hunting Tawny, Full, rich

Special Club Ruby, Dry, light .
Regents Tawny, Very full, mellow

Dry Humour Tawny, Mellow, choice
Pyramid Tawny, Exquisite, full

Dry Don Tawny, Dry finish, full
One Star White, Soft, golden .
Partner's Ruby, Fiery, mellow
Imperial White, Charming, delicate .

Vintage 191). 4 Bottles
Vintage 1916... . UY Dortles
Nmta@on OIG. 7S ee

Vintage 1931
Vintage 1927

Vintage 1924

Madeira is an American heritage, dating from the early days of our
colonization. The choice old wines possess a peculiar charm and
have a haunting fragrance. The drier types are excellent with clear
soup and the richer, full-bodied Madeiras are charming dessert or
after dinner wines. Madeira wines are remarkably stable and will
keep almost indefinitely after the bottle has been opened.

BOTTLE
Rainwater, Pale; dry. | 2s . B53D
Choice Solera Bual, Great, rich . . 3.42
Gold Label Sercial, Superb, dry . . 3.69

Special, Soft, delicate . on
Duke of Clarence, Rich, luscious .

No. 26, Pale, medium dry
No. 65, Rich, full flavored
No. 92, Chotcest, rich Bual .

Pihome PLAZA 9-3300 .: i. NEW YORK 22, NOY
Pot 4

 
