   

   

ears: GEE PUES ES ERD
pee ea ‘ Hessen Re
ars SIT & fe
\ ma >
F A : se
ss iS SR er
Se K nA AE ES
et? Corie a
pee ER, pre .
eo ape” r Ais
? ‘ P hehe ehetpo aa a
barf Shy et —_ E

 

Se ee re
re = ae

For over three decades, Sherry’s has consistently sold wines and spirits to its ever growing clientele
at the lowest possible prices. 1968 brings a special kind of challenge to us, because we are not
permitted by law, to advertise our liquor prices. However, if you want to know which of our superb
spirits are NOW ON SALE, simply tear out the form below, We will send, by return mail, a list

of our whiskies, gins, vodkas, etc. that are ON SALE. If you want to know immediately, simply

phone TE 8-7500.

LOOKING FOR “BEST BUYS’?

Old Jeb 6 Yr. Kentucky Bourbon is “New
York's best bourbon value” states James
Beard... and Sam Clay 10 Yr. Old Bourbon
probably costs less than what you are now
paying for general run-of-the-mill whiskies
... if you are looking for the best bourbon in
the land, please try Coilector’s Item 14 Yr.
Old —it is on sale....

We think there is no better value for the price
conscious scotch drinker than Douglas
‘Board Member’s Choice”... have you ever
tried James Boswell Scotch?.., and from that
250 Year Old Shrine~Fortnum & Mason's of
London, comes their superb Gin and Scotch
—both on sale... and from St. Edmund Hall
in the University of Oxford there is now
available the carefully chosen Cognac, Gin
and Scotch...and S, S. Pierce of Boston
sends us their wonderful Gin and Vodka
bearing the name Back Bay—and at what a
delightful cost to you!

   
  
 
 

“We For trices F
hiski

 

LEHMANN

 

Bae APVEg eS yp INCE
€719 Mo d ‘sont Newlok Etin§ 7500

For your convenience, kindly use this order form.

(| I am interested in obtaining the prices of
your spirits that are now on sale. Kindly
rush prices to me by return mail.

    
 

er

 

 

te +

 
  

TERMS OF DELIVERY

NO CHARGE FOR DELIVERY within vast United Parcel area
on orders of $15 or more. This includes Long Island and West-
chester. Below $15, kindly add $1.25 delivery charge.

BEYOND UNITED PARCEL SERVICE ZONE, but within New
York State, there is no charge for delivery on any order over
$75. Below $75, kindly add $5.00 per delivery.

Of course, 5% sales tax must be added for delivery within
New York City—and 2% (and in some instances, more) else-

where in New York State.
ete

3/68

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 

  
