LIVERMORE VALLEY

Because of its thirty mile width, Livermore looks rather like
a wide rolling plain than valley country. ‘Vhe vineyard soil
appears coarse and gravelly—the temperature is higher than
its neighboring wine valleys. These conditions are peculiarly
adapted for the cultivation of the Sauternes variety of grape,
i.e., the Semillon and Sauvignon Blanc. The Pinot Blanc and
Grey Riesling also thrive here. ‘The outstanding Livermore
wineries are Wente Brothers, Cresta Blanca, and Concannon.

WHITE WINES FROM LIVERMORE VALLEY Per
Bottle
YZ Weore Wink. WW eite 666s." 4. 19
Those who like Bordeaux Blanc or Graves would find
this soft, full-bodied wine most pleasing.

W Sauternes, Concannon
The best American equivalents of Sauternes are made
in the Livermore Valley. Here is a representative
example. Medium sweet.

1eely Ve Aad D4 wy
Riesling, Cresta Blanca
The Livermore Valley is the leading white wine area
of the nation. This moderately dry wine is good
evidence in support of the contention.

SAN FRANCISCO BAY Dry Semillon 1937, Wente Bros.’
Wente Bros. sell this wine in California as “Dry
Sauternes.” Actually it is full-bodied and dryer than
most Graves.
Burger 1939, Wente Bros.*
pee ‘ <7 se : ‘ There are over 3,000 acres of Burger planted in Cali-
I he San I Francisco Bay fornia. Most of it yields rather characterless wine. This

one is exceptional and can unashamedly double for

spanned by man with steel a Chablis.

is the heart, Ugni Blanc 1938, Wente Bros.*
Awarded a gold medal at Sacramento last year.
We think the wine jurors showed good judgment, for
this wine is delicate, fresh and exceptionally well-
balanced.

the hub

of the country’s best vineyards—

North, East and South pa 20 WH
7 eres t Grey Riesling 1938, Wente Bros.

lie the good vineyards, the best wine countryv— Perhaps the best example we have yet run across of
2 : i 2 2 a wine made from a sub-variety of the Riesling grape.

Livermore \ alley and Napa \ alley, Soft, delicate and unusually pleasant.

Sweet Semillon 1937, Wente Bros.*

‘ pe : : This is perhaps the finest sweet wine produced in this

Santa Cruz Mountains towering above Santa Clara Valley, country. It is made, as are all the fine Sauternes of

France, from a blend of Semillon, Sauvignon Blane

and hilly San Benito County. and Muscadel du Bordelais grapes.

and beautiful Sonoma Valley

’

f-bottles.

AND “SS Piwi ge ) Ce ee

 
