       
   
   
   
   
   
   
      
 
    
  
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   
  
 
 
 
    
 
  
   
  
  
   

  

FROM RUSSIA WITH LOVE

Stolichnaya Vodka and
Nazdorovya Champagne

 

 
 

\
i
i
\\ \
ee Ai “il
ae NNR
ue w.
es

My
a, ‘
aes, ‘ ff”
ih ‘
Te \

Nearly everyone associates vodka with Russia.
It's as much a part of our picture of that vast
land as troikas, onion domes and numbing
winters. But how is Champagne Russian? Back
in the days of the Romanoffs, the Czar and his
court developed a notorious taste for sparkling
wine. Cases upon cases were carted to St.
Petersburg and Moscow from the Champagne
district of France. Eventually, one of the royal
estates on the banks of the river Don was
planted with vines and began producing Cham-
pagne. With its resounding success, other
Champagne vineyards followed, and Cham- V
pagne became one of the most popular wines .
in all Russia. -

Until the dawning of detente, authentic Russian
vodkas and their delightful Champagnes could
not reach our shores. However, we have come
to appreciate the pleasures of real Russian
vodka—with the importation of Stolichnaya in
the past years. The best-selling vodka in Mos-
cow, Stolichnaya (stow-leech-neye-yah) is avail-
able in both 80° and 100°. Just in the last few
months, Nazdorovya Champagne arrived in the
United States. This remarkable wine is produced a
at the very winery where the Russian Cham-
pagne story began.

 

Stolichnaya and Nazdorovya are exciting ac-
companiments to smoked salmon and caviar.
Try the vodka icy-cold from a small glass. Both
make excellent, intriguing holiday gifts. Each is
a unique experience.

 

 

STOLICHNAYA VODKA
Vodka derives from the Russian word for water. No one denies Moscow’s Bottle Case
claim that they invented the beverage and employ it freely with caviar and No. Below Below
other delicacies. Vodka’s popularity in America can be attributed to its
mild character, complete dryness and relative neutrality. Stolichnaya is at 1943. STOLICHNAYA 80° VODKA.......... 7.99 90.98
home in the Vodka Martini and Bloody Mary, but is perhaps best enjoyed
by itself, with a twist of lemon. The favored vodka in diplomatic icles 1937 STOLICHNAYA 100° VODKA......... 8.99 102.38

throughout the world.

 

NAZDOROVYA CHAMPAGNE

 

Bottle Case

Two fine examples of Russian Champagne-making talent. The ‘extra-brut’ No. Below Below
is very dry and elegant, the ‘brut’ is a touch sweeter. Either will make a
unique gift, or add the perfect, authentic complement to the caviar of the 110 NAZDOROVYA BRUT CHAMPAGNE... 9.99 107.90

New Year’s Eve party.
119 NAZDOROVYA EXTRA-BRUT 30
CHAMPAGNE. 2.0 42.99 140.

34
