   
   
  
    
  
 
  
  
   
  
 
 
    
   
  
    
    
  

-
=
Fe

+

pe

PGs

SAMO YP F FE

See Gea Oa eer Lara

WINE BUYERS GUIDE by Clifton Fadiman and Sam Aaron

and restaurant. Over 600 wines recommended for quality and price.

 

Terry A Re pipat

Wine Books for the Wine Lover

 

A giant-sized paperback, rich in color illustrations, wine information and
detailed maps adapted from THE JOYS OF WINE. This handy guide and aid

to the wine lover will prove indispensible for those ordering wine in store

rds

How to obtain your copy ..

This sumptuously illustrated, 450-page volume is

WINE BUYERS GUIDE... $8.95

THE JOYS OF WINE by Clifton Fadiman and Sam Aaron

Published by Harry N. Abrams, Inc.

a virtual encyclopedia of wine
information, as well as a compendium of wine lore carnered from leading

authors, poets and commentators on their love of the grape. It has received

plaudits from such distinguished wine critics as Gerald Asher, Craig Claiborne

and Alexis Lichine.
Over 70,000 copies have been sold nationally. It is a proud volume to possess,

and the perfect gift for the wine novice—or wine connoisseur.

THE JOYS OF WINE... $35.00

* Autographed by Clifton Fadiman and Sam Aaron *

 

Published by Harry N. Abrams, Inc.

Just off the press!

 

ie ee

 

 

THE NEW YORK TIMES BOOK OF WINE by Terry Robards

Published by Quadrangle Press/ New York Times Book Co.

This encyclopedic, yet non-snobbish, easy-to-read reference book, is the guide
that enables you to pursue your own wine interests. Covering all aspects of this
fascinating subject, the goal of this hook is to be a helpful reference while

you learn—and enjoy.

It is structured alphabetically so that any words you encounter on a wine label
can be easily found and explained. Most of the wines you are ever likely to

run across can be found among these pages.

THE NEW YORK TIMES BOOK OF WINE... $14.95

 

_All three books are available for prompt delivery by WINE CAVES, INC. Simply send
your gift list and cards, and they will arrange for delivery anywhere within the U.S. Add only $1.50 for shipping and
handling of each order, plus the appropriate sales tax for delivery within New York State.

Mail your orders to: WINE CAVES, INC.

92 North 12th Street
Brooklyn, New York 11211
