CE

SEES OO EE OR: IN TM:

EOE PE BELA

“MADISON

BALLANTINE SCOTCH

HINE FIVE STAR COGNAC
MOUNT VERNON WHISKEY

B & B (BENEDICTINE & BRANDY)
BACARDI ELIXIR LIQUEUR
SPARKLING VOUVRAY

IRION ALSATIAN RIESLING
LANSON 1942 CHAMPAGNE

Editor’s Note:—J ames Beard, one of our associates at Sherry Wine & Spirits Co.,
Inc., has written several leading books and articles on the subject of food and
wine. The enthusiastic acclaim with which his recent article in our Fall catalogue

-was received made it a ‘must’ that he appear in this issue.

In the midst of a world that appears to be in a constant state

of change, we can be particularly grateful for the stability,

continuity, and tradition which is represented by Christmas.
The symbols of this festive season have remained essentially
the same through the centuries. Though the usual drinking
fashions might change, the traditional drinks of the Christmas

season remain as they have been for decades - the Egg-Nog and

Tom and Jerry.

Many of you are proud of your particular recipe for the Egg -Nog
and Tom and Jerry - perhaps because it was passed on to you by
your grandfather, and he was considered the most genial host in
the family circle. Maybe your memory for the recipe has grown
a bit dim and needs refreshing, or you are looking for a new one,
or perhaps you want to make it for the first time. It is for the
sake of tradition and for the sake of the record that I give below

my recipes for these two popular Christmas drinks.

TOM AND JERRY:- In previous years it was no mean achievement
to beat enough eggs and sugar for large Tom and Jerry parties - but
today with the electric mixers and other household appliances, this
job has become quite simple. Here is the recipe - and I have spent
many hours in my youth beating such a batter as this,,for my father
used to serve the drink to a hundred people on Christmas Day, and
I might say that preparing so much was practically a community
effort. FOR A SMALL GROUP:- Beat a dozen eggs (and we do not
belong to the separating school) until thick and light in color.

 
