LIC, NO, L1331

Shevy- ~Lehmannre

WINES & SPIRITS MERCHANTS
4

Merging the two leading wine and spirit merchants of America 679 MADISON AVENUE
SHERRY WINE & SPIRITS CO., INC. NEW YORK, N.Y. 10021

and M. LEHMANN, INC. TELEPHONE TEMPLETON 8-7500

AS WE GOTO PRESS -
We quote the headline from page one of the New York Times:

"FRANCE IMPOSES TRADE CONTROLS; UNITED STATES TO RETALIATE"
Set exam Nits ah ee xt SS VT tn a a a a cl ee se

"WASHINGTON, June 26 - The United States reacted swiftly today to new French moves to subsidize
exports by announcing that special duties would be imposed on goods from France."

"PARIS, June 26 - The French Government moved today to limit price increases, subsidize exports and
curb imports in order to counteract the economic damage of the recent general strike . . . An apparently
strong Cabinet warning on price increases indicated that the Government would accept without question
rises of up fo 3 per cent, but would examine case by case any increase larger than that . . . However,

there have been reports of far larger increases here and there. For example, two leading publishers have
just raised prices of paperback books by up to 20 per cent. . . It conceded that in some marginal industries
based on cheap labor, prices might have to rise more, and it invited trade groups to negotiate voluntary

price codes with the Government . . . Mr. Couve de Murville confirmed that France had sold gold lately,
not only to Switzerland, as was reported yesterday in Zurich, but also to West Germany and Italy.

From where we sit as wine merchants, the above quotations indicate quite clearly that the FOB prices for
European wines will not go down, but surely will rise - the extent still undetermined - between now and
the end of the year. Obviously, this is quite inevitable based on increased costs for labor, bottles, corks,
cases, transportation, etc.

"FRENCH WINE ON AMERICAN DINNER TABLES MAY SOON COST MORE"
Proclaimed a headline in the New York Times of Saturday, June 22nd

There is also a New York Times report dated 'Bordeaux, June 21st', continued - "The prices of a number

of French wines exported to dealers in the United States are expected here to rise by between 5 and 15
per cent in the next several months as a result of the present round of wage increases in France...the larger
wine exporting companies here are expected to avoid raising prices, by reducing profit margins if necessary
but many smaller concerns, which make up the majority of the 760 wine-dealing companies in Bordeaux, —
will have to raise prices, merge with competitors or go out of business..." it is because of the increases

in wages and other costs," said Gabriel Delaunay, the wine-loving prefect, or local Government repre-
sentative, of La Gironde, the department of which this handsome seaport is the capital. ..interviewed

in his gilded office, Mr. Delaunay said he believed that price increases on exported wine would be

limited - they will not be as much as 20 to 30 per cent."

£

And we end on a somewhat pleasanter note by stating that there are only so many Chagalls or Monets = and
similarly, there are only so many cases of Chateau Haut Brion or Chambertin. In the present world market,
the demand for 'limited works of art! and 'limited wines of greatness’ is greatly in excess of supply and this

is inevitably reflected in the price. But we happily report, few of those who have acquired either great
art or great wine have ever regretted it.

A REPORT ON THE 1966 VINTAGE IN BORDEAUX

1956 is the most noteworthy vintage to date to succeed the great '61s. 1966 is truly great and in the

classic tradition; well-balanced; sufficient tannin to indicate longevity; an ample supply of fruit - all

the characteristics of a great year. If one were to compare 1966 to previous vintages, it resembles most
closely the 1953s. Frank Schoonmaker states, “all the '66s exhibit unusual bouquet, distinction, and
class and some may well prove extraordinary. Highly recommended." Our confidential advice for laying
down ~ for example, don't buy Chateau Haut Brion 1961 (and similarly, the other first growths) at $145.80
the case, but buy the 1966 at $89.50 the case. Both 'S] and '66 should reach their apex in drinkin
pleasure, based on their maturation time table, at about the same time. °

WHEN ORDERING THE 1966 WINES LISTED ON THE FOLLOWING PAGES, KINDLY ENCLOSE CHECK
LLC LAT en eer aentnen aeenansnerteee oan tearm esac!

 
