  
   
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
    
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
   
  
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
   
   
  
   
  
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

   

CHEZ L’AMI LOUIS, 32 Rue du
Vertbois, is perhaps not in the center of
Paris, but dining there is a many sided
experience. It is run by the chef and
his wife and in addition to them there
is a waiter who is perfection. ‘Iempera-
ment rules the kitchen hand in hand
with gastronomy, but the results are
more than satisfactory. You realize
when you have finished dining that
gastronomy is really the ninth art.
Here you find the specialties from Les

Landes, including a foie gras Landais
that is unforgettable. And Frogs legs

 

Provengale which were a complete tri-
umph. The tender little frogs legs were
perfectly cooked in a blend of butter
and oil as I found out from the chef
afterwards and he also told me that he
sautees a bit of fresh tomato with most
of the garlic to use as a garnish for
the frog’s legs. At any rate we were
completely delighted with them and
drank an excellent Rose from Tavel
with them. In June and July and again
in October you will find Ortolans,
those tiny birds, which have become
legend with most writers on gastron-
omy, Chez l’Ami Louis. And if you
journey there you will find that you
are wise to take their recommendations
for dinner rather than to choose for your-
self. Remember about temperament?

RESTAURANT LA SAVOIE, 47
Avenue de Wagram, near the Etoile.
This excellent restaurant is handy tor
those of you who are in that particular
district and is a spot you will find most
agreeable for luncheon or dinner. Here
they specialize in wines and foods from
Savoy and some of the specialties are
worth remembering. For instance a real
Savoyarde fondue and an Omelette Sa-
voyarde which is a perfect blending of
ham, eggs and cheese and which is
served to you boiling hot and wafting
a perfume that would melt even the

hardest heart. Also, there are some of
the finest sardines I have ever eaten,
and a generally well planned menu.
Here, you may taste the wines from
the Savoy including Seyssel which is
one of the most delicious of the regional
wines. M. and Mme. Astor who are
the owners will be more than kind to
you and if you feel that you cannot
live without certain favorite dishes
from your own land if you describe it
to them they will certainly try to
oblige. It’s a good place for your regular
list, for you may eat simply or elab-
orately and the prices are reasonable.

WINE GOSSIP OF PARIS

The feeling here is that the greatest
buys for present day drinking are the
1943 wines. The other day I tasted a
43 Chateau Palmer and another day a
43 Chateau Gruaud la Rose—and found
them both excellent—they and others
are available in New York at prices
that are not particularly higher than
those prevailing in Paris.

It is certain that prices on all French
wines will be higher in the next few
years, because the selling price in Bor-
deaux and in Burgundy keeps going
up. Take, for example the 34s and the
37s. They are practically unavailable on
the market here and what there is will
have to sell in New York for about
one third to one half more than it
sells for now. Whereas you can buy
great wines of those two years in New
York for around fifty or sixty dollars
a case, if the same wines were imported
now at present prices you would prob-
ably pay twenty dollars more for the
case.

Recent Vintages

One cannot be around people who
are interested in wines without hearing
a great deal of discussion about the
relative importance of the last few
years as regards wine. Certainly there
have been many good years in the last
decade and some which may become
historic. No one can be considered an
absolute authority on vintage years,
much as they may wish to. It behooves
one to listen to a great many opinions

 

and then taste and judge for oneself.
After all, it is your own palate which. is
the best guide to the wines you wish
to drink.

As we said before there are a great
many 1943s available and most of
them are ready and at their best. The
reds are velvety and beautifully rounded.
On the whole the Champagnes of this
year are considered to be superior to
1937 if not to the 34s with one or two
exceptions.

The 45s are great and in the opin-
ion of many will be very long lived
wines. By this time most of us are well
enough acquainted with these wines to
choose the ones we like the best.

About the 46 vintage one hears very
little except for some really excellent
white Burgundies, such as the 746
Meursault Perrieres of Comte de Mou-
cheron we had the other day at Le
Cabaret. It is the same wine that is

available in New York. (1.89).

Hymns of Praise

There are continuing hymns of praise
for the great wines of 1947. Everyone
seems to feel that the wines of this year
represent to a point the true definition
of what the particular wine should be.
Many feel that it will be one of the
greatest years in history. Others say it
will be the greatest of this century and
still others that it will be very great
but that the wines of 47 will not last
as well as those of 45. However, there
seems no contradiction to the fact that
it is a great, great year.

Of the 48s one cannot yet be abso-
lutely certain. Some of the light white
wines are delicious and the reds show
promise of being very similar to the
43s.

1949 seems to cause different reac-
tions. One man, an expert on the wines
of Bordeaux feels that no one knows as
yet which way the wines will turn.
Arid yet another, whose palate I respect
as much as anyone’s tells me he is cer-
tain that it will be a phenomenal year.

Cooling Libations

Hot weather has started here and
there is as everywhere a rush for cool-

beer Meee

\ AT . SARA

ie

SHERRY WINE AND SPIRITS CO., Inc.e679 MADISON AVE., N.Y.eTEmpleton 8-7500

  
