ae OFFERING

fi
TS ae a,

{|
— = “
. : mH Hit
f Si | in
Pree Ren paar ch
oe ———s

SAAeeerees co

The Most Publicized Vintage in Wine History

This report is being mailed to a selected few of our clientele who are particularly interested
in obtaining up-to-date information about the much talked about wines of the 1964 vintage.

THE WORLD PUBLICITY ABOUT THE ’64s HAS DONE ITS WORK -— In its wake, we
have been deluged with inquiries since last November from wine lovers about the quality
and availability for present purchase of the ’64s. Perhaps we were too cautious — but we had
received enough danger signals from abroad to make us pause until the wines could be tasted
in barrel before advising our clientele. The Bordeaux and Burgundies can now be judged —
(the ’64s of the Loire, Beaujolais and Germany are beginning to put in their appearance in
New York — so that you can evaluate them for yourself).

On the whole, 1964 can be considered a great year — better in general in Burgundy than in
Bordeaux, because harvest rain was avoided — perhaps not the equal in longevity of 1961
in Bordeaux and Burgundy—but certainly capable of holding their own with the ’59s and ’53s.
Our advice is to reserve prime vineyards, especially the Burgundies, Rhines and Moselles,
now to avoid the inevitable higher prices that will prevail a-year or two hence. But beyond the
economic advantage, you will be certain that you have put away a few of your favorite wines
and not run the risk of their being unavailable because of depletion caused by world demand.

BORDEAUX

An Appraisal of the 1964 Vintage

The timetable was magnificent — early flowering; then dry, warm weather without excessive
heat; just enough rain to swell the grapes in August and September. The harvest started
early, during mid-September. However, a few Chateaux decided to harvest late and were
caught by the two weeks of heavy downpour that started on October 8th.

The results were sensational in St. Emilion and Pomerol because they finished their picking
early. Practically all of the great Chateaux of the Medoc fared well and produced superb,
soft wines that will delight us soon after bottling — wines that are extremely attractive,
quite similar to the great 1953s, and sufficiently outstanding to warrant an important niche

in any well-balanced wine cellar.

ALL WINE RESERVATIONS SHOULD BE Ts ANIED BY oS AND ARE SUBJECT TO CONFIRMATION,

° TEMPLETON 8-7500

679 MADISON AVE. (at Gist) NEW YORK 21, N. Y.

 
