$3.39 the bottle... news for the June Bride—or rather her father—we
have just received another shipment of that most delicate and driest of
Champagnes; Cramant Brut 1945—a remarkable wine that sells for
only $3.69 the bottle, $42.75 the case . . . speaking of Champagnes,
we feel that we completely disprove the charge that the great Cham-
pagnes of France are too expensive when we offer Pommery Brut
1942 at $4.90 and Lanson 1937 Magnums at $9.95 . . . the rapidity
at which those handy little 49c quarter bottles are selling .. . claret
lovers, we dare you to resist these! — Gruaud Larose 1943 and Palmer
1943 at $1.69! ... news for those of you who have been clamoring these
many months for the 1947 Clarets — the Haut Brion, Lafite, Margaux,
Latour and Palmer have just arrived ... two of my favorite summer

wines, both estate bottled, Pouilly 1947 and Chablis 1947—1irresistibly
priced at $1.69 .. . and there also is the

1947 estate-bottled Beaujolais for $1.49

which should take your fancy — try

chilling it during warm weather, you

may like it better that way . . . those of DUBON NET
you who have consumed the amazing Perfect size
number of cases of our Neuchatel — for the

and the exact number is a secret in our Refrigerator
archives — will rejoice to know that d

the Perrier Neuchatel 1947 is now 4

Pink Wine
ready for your clamoring requests at

Split

From Alsace

F VIN GRIS

$1.49 the bottle — and our palates tell eR
us it is even better than the previous < DOPF 4
one . . . no wine is more irresistible than “Pink Champagne” in warm Dene,

weather — try the St. Marceaux 1945 Rose (5.89 the bottle) — you ALSATIAN A9*
Ss

will agree. RIESLING plit

From Dopft

Poultry on the Coals Dry, Refreshing Pr aay

Here is a chicken recipe that I find particularly good for a summer lunch or

dinner, and yet somewhat different. Buy young broilers, two to two and a half Deluze sends us
pounds each. Have them split and the backbone removed. With a very sharp = ,

knife loosen the skin from the flesh without tearing the skin. Chop very BORDEAUX ROUGE 1945
fine — one large green pepper, seeded, one clove garlic, one cupful parsley, ,

a few chives, and a handful of celery leaves. If you can find fresh Tarragon, *

add the leaves from four or five sprigs. Combine these chopped seasonings tv BORDEAUX BLANC 1945
with a quarter pound of softened butter and one teaspoon of salt. Stuff a :

little of this paste mixture under the skin of each chicken half and secure the on ¢

edges with small skewers or toothpicks. Place the chicken halves in a grill 0 4

and put them over the coals, bone side down, and allow them to cook for ten yo" Split

to twelve minutes. Brush the skin side with butter or oil and turn skin side

down and allow them to grill for ten or fifteen minutes, brushing occasionally (een RR,
with butter, until the chickens are cooked through but not dried out. If you

test en between the leg and thigh with a small fork and find that the French Champagne

juice which runs out is not pink or red, the chickens are cooked. Salt and

pepper to taste and serve with potato chips, sliced tomatoes, and fresh roasted ¢ CROYDEN FRERES

corn. A bottle of our Meursault Perrieres 1945 ($2.49) which has been well 9 \ BRUT 1943

chilled, will certainly add to the glamour of the occasion. This herb stuffing
is enough for four broiler halves. 9 8 ¢
Split

ad

 
