  
  

 

Swiss National Tourist Bureau

Flaming dishes are international in appeal.
Here is James Beard’s recipe for a dessert
as elegant as it is easy to prepare.

APPLE PANCAKE FLAMBE

Sift together:
1% cups flow

24 cups sugar
14 teaspoon salt

Beat 5 eggs with 134 cups half and half, add
I teaspoon vanilla, 1 tablespoon Cognac and
'4 cup melted butter. Beat until smooth.

Heat skillet, brush with butter, add 1 cup
batter. Let set, then cover with thinly sliced
cpple. Sprinkle with sugar and broil until
brown. Flambe with heated Cognac and fold
onto hot plate.

 

Be |e iebline: enjoying a truite au bleu
with a bottle of Alsatian wine, recollects
that a similar wine, a Lacrimae Sanctae
Odiliae “once contributed slightly to my
education. Long ago, when I was very
young, I took out a woman in Strasbourg
and, wishing to impress her with my knowl-
edge of local customs, ordered a bottle of
Ste. Odile. I was making the same mistake
as if I had taken out a girl in Boston and
offered her baked beans. ‘How quaint!’ the
woman in Strasbourg said. ‘I haven’t drunk
that for years.’ She excused herself to go to
the telephone, and never came back.”
-from BETWEEN MEALS

 

Swiss National Tourist Bureau

Rum was the all-American drink foy
three hundred years. The custom was to
mix it with something, anything. A punch
was one of sour, two of sweet, three of
strong and four of weak—lime juice, sugar,
rum and water—but the proportion varied
to match the mood. Bogus was rum and
beer in equal parts, Stonewall was rum and
cider. Bombo was rum, sugar, water and
nutmeg; if you left out the nutmeg, it was
Nimbo, which was heated with a logger
head, a knob of iron with a handle that
was originally used to heat calking pitch.

from WINES AND SiR IS

Page Two.

 

SHERRY WINE & SPIRITS CO. INC. 679 MADISON AVE.

SWITZERLAND = THE ALPINE MECCA
FOR SKIERS. DINERS AND WINE LOVERS

Switzerland is undoubtedly the most tourist-minded country in the world. Their inns, as
well as their exalted ski slopes and mountainous terrain, are beloved by Europeans and
Americans alike.

The world-famous resorts of this hospitable country—such as Arosa, Gstaad. Zermatt,
Davos, Klosters, Grindelwald and St. Moritz—are quite as famous for their luxury, superb

 

cuisine, impeccable service and delicious light wines as they are for their aerial cable cars,
ski lifts and open mountain slopes.

Whether you are returning after skiing from Van Cortlandt Park, Sugar Bush, Lake Placid
or Stowe, we can think of no more appropriate fare to serve in you own home than some
Swiss specialties (see recipes) along with the delicious light wines of the Swiss wine growers.
(Unlike the people of this country, who reach a great old age, these wines should be drunk

young.) And don’t forget that marvelous spirit of the Swiss—kirsch.

THE WINES OF §

No. Bottle Case

455 LA COTE DU VALAIS 1961 Pe 17.50

Following the Rhone, out of Lake Geneva into Savoie, are the La Cote vine
their delicate bouquet and intensively clear freshness

 

VITZERLAND

yards. The wines’ greatest charm is

474 NEUCHATEL 196! (Chatenay) ~ Pa See 21.95

West of Interlaken, far removed from the ski country, there is the lovely lake Neuchatel. Along its shores is
grown the crisp, dry, refreshing Neuchatel white wine—the most popular of all Switzerland.

462 FENDANT DE SION [96 . 6 neg? 21.95

Here is the heady white wine, rich in aroma, that the Swiss dearly love
the Swiss version of the Welsh rabbit, only everybody at the table
its golden contents warm over an alcohol burner.

particularly with their cheese fondue,
dips into the same casserole which is keeping

490 JOHANNISBERG DU VALAIS 1961 ._ .. 2.49 27.50

The Swiss respected the Riesling grape of the Rheingau and brought it to the suburbs of Lausanne, from which
this wine comes. Some consider this the best wine of Switzerland.

497 DOLE DE SION 196] Le ee ae 28.50

Though not generally known, there are some interesting red wines produced in Switzerland. The most distin-
guished is ‘‘Dole,” with the color, taste and engaging charm of a good Beaujolais. Like Beaujolais, the younger
the better. This is probabiy the best red wine we have ever tasted from this country.

GINS AND VODKAS ON SALE

The dry martini, in ratio of 2-to-1 with vermouth, was born in England but has been trans-
formed and taken over by the United States. Here it has become the drink of the nation, the
ratio of vermouth has been reduced to about 1/6th, and vodka is being used instead of gin in
many homes. We have also introduced a new secret element in the drink that was quite
unknown in Britain. It is frigidity—the colder the better—even to the point where some
households put the vermouth, the gin and the glasses in the refrigerator before mixing. Since
skiers are familiar with excessive cold, it has now become popular in Stowe, Sun Valley
and Aspen.

SALE PRICE

Bottle Case
3301 BACK BAY GIN (oS, Ficice Co.) ee 3.49 40.95

The “Back Bay Gin” is in the very best American tradition,
elegance of Carriage days. We question whether
its equal in clean taste, dryness and unobtrusive
full quarts at $4.29 each, $49.95 the case.

No.

symbolizing the Boston of a bygone era... the
any gin that you can acquire at over $4 the bottle is quite
blandness. It is distilled at a generous 90 proof. Available in

3401 BACK BAY VODKA (SS. Pierce Co.) 2. = 3.49 40.95

Although Vodka may have been introduced to our civiliz
are tasters who contend that the superior distilling me
original—particularly in terms of clean dry taste
vodka is at its best when bottled at 80 proof
the case.

ation by one of the czars of Russia, nevertheless there
thods of American distilleries have improved on the
and consistency of flavor. S.S. Pierce has discovered that
We have also put the full quarts on sale at only $4.29 each, $49.95

3326 FORTNUM AND MASON’S LONDON
ey COUN (England) oa Were 55.95

There are some purists who contend that gin must come from Engl

and in order to be really good. Judging by
the tremendous increase In the sale of Imported gin,

advocates of this doctrine are growing in number. If this
be true, no source could be more English than Fortnum and Mason, which has catered to the good taste of
Britishers for over 250 years, and presently carries a royal warrant to Her Majesty, Queen | lizabeth Il. We offer
this gin on sale for about $1 the bottle less than many of its English co npatriots

3407 FREDERICK CHOPIN POLISH VODKA
(100 proof)

This vodka, like Chopin, was born in Poland and, just
did this spirit make the voyage to Britain in barrel
full 100 proof. Its normal price is $5.99

- +. . 479 55.95

as Chopin found it necessary to travel to England, so
There it was bottled by an impeccable London distiller at a

N. Y.—TEM PLETON 8-7500

Whethey
Ing the
Quick way to

of Mulled Ww

Wine, |

Na half.
mer, aq
Sueay
Orange, When t
Yum, Serve

Poews a In Punch cups
UW In
Smiles tO Warm

Do you know <

 
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
  
   
   
  
      
  
   
  
 
 
 
 
    
  
 
  
   
     
   
   
   
  
  
   
  
 
 
 
 
   
  
 
   
  
   
   
     
    
  
 
 
   
 
    
      
       
    
   
 
  
  
    
    
    
    
   
     
     
       
    
  
   

\ny order that
p-m. will surely
Manhattan the
deliver to West«

next day.

 

For an exciting
own home, we sl
of the fun, spir
\|pine resort by
Fendant, Dole,

d’Alpe, Hot Spic
And if you live

I Empleton 8-75
same day rush «
items. And for th
suburbs, and w
Service zone, yo
tainty that your c
the following day

 

We wondered whi
had ever met his «
Hogarth. We referre
JOHNSON, and fo
Hogarth arrived at
began to talk about
George II.

While Hogarth wa
well), he perceived
window in the roon
rolling himself abo
lous manner. He co
idiot, whom his rela
care of Mr. Richar
his great surprise,
Stalked forward, too
burst out into an in
ein short, he d
of eloquence that BH
with astonishment, ;
that this idiot had at
spired. Neither Hog:

made known to each ,

 

you've been S

elements On
warm Up i
Ine. Take ;
PS One of th
Sallon, and he

YOu!
INSinge 4

erha

‘hile
re by

d Clove
Cs, allspice

and slic

to taste

- Wine

S> you May W nt

to ;

  
