 

2A.

EEE

THE ARGENTINE
REACH THE
UNITED STATES!

The United States, now for the first time, will exper-
ience the excellence, remarkable richness and flavor of
the wines produced in the dramatically beautiful val-
ley called Mendoza. In the shadow of the towering
Andes, the world’s classic grapes thrive in an ideal
wine climate: abundance of sunshine, wonderfully
pure water, and a soil just fertile enough to make the
vine fight to flourish thus yielding finesse and freedom
from dullness.

The Argentinians love their native wine and drink
vast quantities. Being demanding and knowledgeable
wine drinkers, a high standard becomes necessary for
any vineyard to be successful. Every modern technique
is employed to assure that outstanding wines result.
For years, perhaps due to massive local consumption,
the better wines of the Argentine have been a monopoly
of the native population.

We therefore proudly introduce some of the distin-
guished vintage varietals from the ANDEAN VINE-
YARDS considered by many as the best single source
in all the Argentine.

No.

A delightful, light, pink wine made from the fine vinifera grape, Pinot Gris. Destined to join Tavel of France
and the Grenache Rosé of California as a favorite with many wine drinkers.

One of the classic white wine grapes grown in Burgundy. Flourishes in the Argentine. Dry, soft, well-
balanced and utterly pleasing. Similar to Pouilly-Fuisse.

Many German winemakers migrated to the Argentine. Naturally, they brought Riesling grape cuttings from the
Rhine and Moselle with them. You will detect the flower coupled with dryness and finesse.

THE BEST WINES OF

   
 
 
 
  
   
   
    

SRN

MINEVARDS

RNET SAUVIGNON
ED TABLE WINE ,

 
   
      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
  
 
 
 
 
  
 

Bottle Case

 

The vignon grape gives us the great wines of the Medoc and the best red wines of northern
eee eae ie efor at the same latitude as California, this noble grape flourishes in the
Argentine. It makes a bid to be considered one of the better examples produced on the globe. You will dis-
cover fullness fruity bouquet, and a dry tannic finish which indicates that the wine is long-lived and worth

laying down. Try it—you will come back for more. -

  
