 

 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
   

  
    
 
   
    
     
 
 
  

Advance offering
mm el

1970

Red Bordeaux

We feel it is our obligation as wine merchants to make
you aware that the great 1970 red wines of Bordeaux
can be acquired now, prior to their bottling, and at
prices that will certainly prove to be lower than what
you will probably ultimately have to pay for them two
or three years hence.

As on Wall Street, the Bordeaux market has its own
‘Stock Exchange.’ The vintage was greeted with en-
thusiasm, and opening prices were on a par with the
1969 opening — the first offerings were quickly ac-
cepted. The second offerings proved substantially
higher, and even these have run into little buyer re-
sistance. Our prices are based on the ‘premier
tranche,’ or ‘first offerings.’

Our associate, Sam Aaron, has just returned from his
May visit to Bordeaux, and his comments are: “TI tasted
my way through over forty of Bordeaux’s leading vine-
yards, and never have I experienced such uniform ex-
cellence everywhere. The Bordeaux merchants know
this because every offering is snapped up immediately,
even though the prices continue to rise. They share
my enthusiasm for the intrinsic present excellence of
the wines as well as their longevity. The world demand
is outstripping the limited production, and as a Bey-
chevelle or an Haut Brion becomes scarce—which will
surely happen—these 1970’s will soar to astronomic
levels.”

Our quotations here are based, not on replacement
value, but on our low acquisition cost. If you think you
will want these wines in your personal cellar, NOW is
the time to acquire them — NOT LATER, when the
cost will probably become runaway.

If Acquired
1970 VINTAGE NOW
No. Case
M-1 CHATEAU LAROSE TRINTAUDON
Cam edOG) 3.0 a eee 24.95

This noble vineyard has recently been replanted under the
supervision of Professor Peynaud of the University of
Bordeaux faculty—a man who ranks among the foremost
oenologists of the world. The first vintage will be 1970 and
now is the time to buy it, because soon its virtues will be
recognized and the price will go up substantially. Soft, well
rounded, free of flaws.

M-2 CHATEAU FOURCAS-DUPRE (Listrac) ..... 25.79
In 1885, over 60 Medoc vineyards were classified ‘Grand Cru.’
Were these vineyards reclassified today, the Time-Life book
“Wines & Spirits” is of the opinion that Chateau Fourcas-
Dupré, because of outstanding excellence, would be in-
cluded. Full, distinguished, long-lived. Obviously, a ‘best
buy’ for 1975 or 1980 drinking.

M-3 CHATEAU PHELAN SEGUR (St. Estephe) .... 26.50
An across-the-road neighbor of the more highly classified
Chateau Calon Segur. Similar in characteristics.

M-4 CHATEAU PICQUE CAILLOU (Graves) . 27.90
First introduced to this wine by Jean Delmas, Managing
Director of Chateau Haut Brion. Typical Graves. good body,
priced well under its true class.

M-4A CHATEAU ANGLUDET (Margaux)..... 29.95
Considered at least the equal of a 4th growth Medoc. Remark-
able. It is now the property of the Sichel family. Very popular

in England. Deservedly, should sell closer to $40.00.

M-6

M-12

M-12A

M-14

M-16

M-17

M-18

M-19

M-20

M-20A

Case
CHATEAU CHAUVIN (St. Emilion) 31.75
Pleasant, quick maturing; soft and round. The vineyard
featured at the Cote Basque Restaurant.

CHATEAU ST. PIERRE (St. Julien) 32.75
4th growth 1855 classification. Vinification has improved.
Outstanding value for those who want superb wine and can
comfortably forego a famed vineyard name on label.
CHATEAU GISCOURS (Margaux ) 32.75
Many of you may recall Tom Heeter, who was one of the
most distinguished members of our sales staff. Recently, he
married the delightful daughter of M. Tari, the proprietor of
Chateau Giscours. Mr. Heeter is now actively engaged in
bringing this vineyard to even greater heights, and if any
of you should visit Bordeaux, he will make you welcome.
This 3rd growth 1855 classification Margaux is highly per-
fumed, elegant, and endowed with great longevity. Superb.
CHATEAU DE PEZ (St. Estephe ) 32.95
Like Chateau Fourcas-Dupré, this vineyard was also singled
out by the Time-Life book “Wines & Spirits” to be among
those growths that have proven so outstanding over the past
decade that they deserve to be ranked with the “Grand Crw’
1855 classification.

CHATEAU GLORIA (St. Julien) 34.50
Noble vineyard owned by Henri Martin, President of Bor-
deaux Wine Growers Association, and Managing Director of
Chateau Latour. In league with ‘Grand Crus.’

CHATEAU GREYSAC (Medoc) 34.50
A ‘sleeper. From an astonishingly fine Medoc vineyard
proudly owned by Georges Hereil, creator of the Caravelle
airplane, and now President of Simca. His dedication to
excellence is reflected in this long-lived, noble wine.
CHATEAU DASSAULT (St. Emilion) 34.50
Just awarded the high classification of ‘Grand Cru’ in St.
Emilion. This recognition was earned by dramatic recent
improvement in quality inspired by the proprietor, Marcel
Dassault, the famed airplane designer.

CHATEAU GRAND PUY LACOSTE
(Pauillac) 37.995

‘Grand Cru. Puy means ‘high point.’ Full-bodied, excellent.

CHATEAU DURFORT VIVENS (Margaux) 39.50
In 1855, achieved the exalted classification of 2nd growth.
Until recently was owned by Pierre Ginestet, proprietor of
Chateau Margaux. The vineyard is adjacent to Chateau
Margaux. The quantity produced is small, but it has the
same kind of elegance and finesse associated with its more
renowned neighbor,
CHATEAU MALESCOT ST. EXUPERY

(Margaux) : 39.75
In same exalted 3rd Growth 1855 classification as ‘Palmer’
and ‘Calon Segur.’ Rich for a Margaux because of high Caber-
net Sauvignon ratio, nevertheless, retains its distinguished
elegance. Another ‘sleeper’ priced well below its true value.
CHATEAU RAUSAN SEGLA (Margaux) 39.75
Thomas Jefferson once wrote, “Razan-Margau., this is what
I import for myself.” (Note the archaic 18th Century spelling
nevertheless, Mr. Jefferson was referring to this specific
vineyard. )
CHATEAU DUCRU BEAUCAILLOU

(St. Julien) . 41.50
Beaucaillou means ‘beautiful pebbles’—the characteristic of
this stony vineyard that gives the wine its unique richness
and style.
CHATEAU LYNCH BAGES (Pauillac) 41.50
Rich, full; almost achieves the weight of Mouton-Rothschild
—its neighbor.
CHATEAU MONTROSE (St. Estephe) 41.50
Rich, full, slow to mature, big—in the style of Chateau
Latour.
CHATEAU LEOVILLE LASCASES

(St. Julien) : 42.25
This 1970 will probably surpass even the exalted heights
this vineyard achieved in 1959. In the grand tradition.
CHATEAU DUHART MILON ROTHSCHILD

(Pauillac) . 43.95
Adjacent to Chateau Lafite, sharing the same proprietor.
Baron Elie de Rothschild. The Baron is sufficiently proud of
the wine which is produced at this 1855 classification vine-
yard to motivate him to add his name to the label. Elegance
and depth are beautifully harmonized.

 

 
