   
 
  
 
  
   
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
   
   
 
   
   

LANSON BLACK LABEL
BRUT CHAMPAGNE

Ask a Frenchman for a list of the great Champagne houses
of France, and he is certain to include among the first the
old and highly respected House of Lanson. Founded in
1760, Lanson sold in the 19th century primarily to the British
and received the Royal Warrent from Queen Victoria. Pro-
duction was small and the wine known only to a select few.
At the beginning of the 20th century, Lanson expanded its
acreage within the heart of the Champagne region and its
proud product soon became known in all four corners of
the world.

Lanson Black Label Brut is very dry, very effervescent, with
a smooth and beautifully-fruited taste. The bubbles cannon
up from the bottom of the glass and the flavor lingers softly
in the mouth. Its excellence is apparent. This is an extra-
ordinarily fine Champagne for the happiest of occasions.

7.99 bottle
86.29 case

 

CHATEAU DE LA CHAIZE 1976 IN ITS
TRI-CENTENARY GOLD MAGNUM

great 1976 Beaujolais harvest was
gathered—a happy event indeed. To

It's not often that the vineyard that
grows one of our most popular wines

 

celebrates its 300th Anniversary. It
is the very wine that won the Gold
Award—Hors Concours at the Macon
Fair as the best Beaujolais produced
during the great 1976 vintage.

Chateau de La Chaize was built in
1776 — and 300 years later on the
occasion of their ‘tricentenaire’ the

mark the occasion, the Marquis and
Marquise de Roussy de Sales, the
proprietors, have bottled their great
1976 Brouilly (the best Beaujolais
vintage year since 1961) in a dra-
matic Magnum bottle with their now-
famous label embossed in gold right
on the bottle.

The result is a wonderful, unique wine not only for your own drinking pleasure,
but as an exciting gift to send an appreciative friend. Our inventory is small
indeed and simply must be rationed so that its virtues may be distributed among

the maximum number of wine lovers.

13.95 magnum

 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   

 
 
   
   
