  

“The very existence, let alone the sheer perfection of these vintage
solera and unblended vintage Madeiras represents an historic wine
event—these 19th century and ‘turn-of-the-century’ Madeiras have
provided one of the great wine-tasting experiences of my life,” states
James Beard, world authority on food and wine.

Those of you who have acquired these wine museum pieces during
the holiday season know how remarkable they can be. To tempt the
more curious among you, we are offering them, during this sale
period only, at a 10% reduction from the normal price.

We know of no friendlier or more pleasant way to withstand the
winter’s wind than to sit in front of a warming fireplace, with glass
in hand filled with good Madeira bearing dates that read like a history
book—1748, 1792, 1830, 1900. It will inspire a good philosophic
thought and heart-restoring contemplation. We urge—no, we insist—
that you acquire at least a bottle and “explore history through a wine
Glass.-

 

Regularly Now
VERDELHO SOLERA (Henriques) 29.75

MALMSEY SOLERA (Henriques) — 28.50
SERCIAL SOLERA (Henriques) 24.00
SERCIAL VINTAGE

(Shortridge, Lawton) 18.25
BUAL VINTAGE a £7.50

SERCIAL VINTAGE (Blandy) 16.00
VERDELHO VINTAGE (Blandy) 15.15
TARRANTEZ VINTAGE (Blandy) 16.75
MALMSEY VINTAGE (Blandy) 15.50

VERDELHO VINTAGE (Blandy) 14.50

MALMSEY VINTAGE (Blandy) 14.50
SERCIAL VINTAGE (Blandy) 14.50

1 each of the 12 Madeiras listed above (a glorious total of 12)
only
(a savings of over $20)

14

 

"Be, ‘a lly selecte° e
Y NE R- SPIRTT
ay Ra ON AVENUE, le

4

VerDELHo
~1900~

this is bottle
No. 3.2/

Bettled 1 de Shipped by

Blanoys MADEIRAS 2:
Funch@) ides a Madeira

| ENTS leoho! Alle
3 : ot 5 Tui Ors. ‘ volume

 

 
    

The famed English family of Blandy have been a creative force on the
island of Madeira since the 18th century days of sailing vessels—when no
British ship dared call on the American colonies unless it had first stopped
at Madeira for rest, food, and a supply of its joyous wine, which brought
its good cheer to the patrician families of Boston, New York, Philadelphia,
Washington and Charleston. It has always amazed us to learn that eles
Blandy possessed the courage, the patience, and the economic recklessness
required to keep his wealth in the form of wine rather than in pounds
sterling. Often, many decades passed before he would sell his aged treasures.
It is our good fortune to bring several of them to you. These Madeiras will
provide memorable wine-tasting experiences.

In this instance, the rarest and the most sought-after grape of all was
used—the Verdelho. It competes with the Sercial grape in dryness, and the
wine has the constitution of a rich Port combined with the delicacy and
dryness of an Amontillado Sherry.

Our clients tell us that the uniqueness and rarity of this wine would make
it a worthy value at $25.00 the bottle. This genuinely low sale price of

$I4.07the bottle re presents a unique opportunity not to be overlooked by
any wine lover.

  
 
   
 
    
 
  
 
   
           
 

HLAS Cl
. isa quain
7 center
tle
; ras abit
betterie G

=

 
