  

    
 
 
 

sca ess —— en Sa
NE PN//( Kae
fa) \\e ( ae (A tae Poe ¥

i pt Free map Maeno tae?
Teast

   

KU MADEIRA was
Pree <aes Geo. Washington s
ee SG

A y ; Be Q Ti) - -
=e LOM favorite wine

me

 

+ tte NORD
RP UG

      
 
  
  

   
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 

3
Quiars Rory yi yoru, EYER KEM Mie EEE ¥w 9 x5]
3 : 7)

IN a ae

4 This 1792 MADEIRA
S 1 Europe's Oldest and Most
mo Remarkable Wine /

 

when — (NG
George Washington:

5 a — ‘ =
~ Le x \ =
Me ® was President
mm eee

We quote from the book “Madeira” written by André Simon,
founder of the Wine & Food Society and one of the world's
leading gastronomic authorities. “In January 1933, Dr. Michael
Grabham, ‘the grand old man’ of Madeira, celebrated his
ninety-third birthday, which was the occasion on which I tasted
for the first time an authentic 1792 Madeira, perfect as regards
colour, bouquet and flavor.” On that occasion the good Dr.
Grabham stated “This wine was made in 1792, a very good year
indeed—it was given to me in 1873. It has been with me during
the past 60 years. There is very little left, and it is better today
than it ever was.

And it is of historical interest to note that the “London Daily $265 00
Telegraph” of October 8th, 1841 refers to the vintage 1792 as The Case

having been purchased by Napoleon in 1815 to comfort him in
his exile when he called at Madeira on his way further south to St. Helena.

The entire contents of the cask were bottled, interrupting a 165 year slumber, to commem-
orate the visit, last year, of Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II to Portugal. Our tasting notes
read “amazing vigor, penetrating bouquet, great depth of flavor, relatively dry—rivals fine
old Cognac in scope and interest.” | |

Because precious few bottles exist in the world, we suggest prompt acquisition—even a
single bottle will add its touch of lustre to the most distinguished cellar, historic interest to
the holiday dinner party, and heartwarming joy as a unique Christmas gift to an appre-
ciative friend.

 

Page Eighteen...
