 
   
   
  
  
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
   
   
  
   
   
   
 
   
    
    
  

 

turtle, ten shillings a pound; and a whole truffled
pheasant for fifteen shillings; to be bedded down
with heavenly port at the heavenly price of
115 gallons for £70. In those days one ordered
port by the pipe and sherry by the butt. The
half bottle of Spanish-type Chablis was unknown
as a means of providing pleasure for one’s
friends.

It looked as though peace and plenty had set
in for ever, but in fact, as is common in human
affairs, disaster was only just around the corner.
In 1854 a large British expeditionary force set
off for the Black Sea, and the Crimea, and in no
time at all found itself in one of the most des-
perate situations ever devised by military genius.

Florence Nightingale, loyally supported by Fort-
num & Mason, came to the rescue. There was,
in fact, a run on Fortnum resources, and nearly
every ship that sailed from home ports for the
Crimea had its quota of Fortnum-stencilled cases
aboard—-an irresistible temptation to pilferers.
Many officers wrote to Fortnum & Mason beg-
ging them to leave off the stencilled name,
conducing, as it did, “‘to an undue leakage of
luxuries during the voyage’.

From Queen Victoria came an order to des-
patch without delay to Miss Nightingale in
Scutari a huge consignment of concentrated beef
tea. This was soon after the scandal of the
hospitals had become known in England, and
Miss Nightingale was pleading for a special]
Extra Diet kitchen for each division, providing
issues of tea, sugar, arrowroot and beef tea.

Miss Nightingale’s mother wrote to Fortnum
& Mason: “J am requested by my daughter to
thank you for your letter announcing 250 Ibs. of

Concentrated Beef Tea, a present from Her
Mayesty. It is particularly acceptable, as the
state of exhaustion in which the sick are now
arriving at Scutart renders it very difficult to

Jind adequate support for them.”

   

{ii

“Ad

Fortnum’s were indeed beginning to play an
increasingly large part in public affairs. During
the reign of Queen Victoria they were many
times honoured by Warrants of Appointment.
March 2nd, 1863
Appointed Grocers to H.R.H. the Prince of
Wales.

April 1st, 1867

Grocers and Tea Dealers to H.R.H. the Duke
of Edinburgh.

August 30th, 1867

Oilmen to their Royal Highnesses Prince and
Princess Christian of Schleswig-Holstein.
October 5th, 1867

Appointed Furnishers to the Establishment of
H.R.H. the Crown Princess of Prussia,
Princess Royal of Great Britain and Ireland.

 
