  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
   
 
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
  

An Inspired Gift

 

 

The James Beard
Wine Rack

Here is a gift idea that is imaginative, individual, and
off the beaten path. Your friend need not be a sophis-
ticated wine expert to appreciate receiving this hand-
some wine rack thoughtfully filled with twelve
interesting and different wines, representing a new
experience and adventures in wine tasting.

 

This wine rack will become a treasured possession be-
cause, just as good books demand handsome bookcases,
fine wines equally deserve a proper habitat. Sturdily
built of hard wood and metal, designed to last a life-
time, this 12 bottle unit will fit into any space and can
stand either vertically or horizontally. And, in the mod-
ern do-it-yourself tradition, the units fit into each other
for building larger storage areas — as dramatically
illustrated on the covers of this catalog.

An increasing number of people are now choosing the
JAMES BEARD WINE RACK as an inspired Christmas
gift that will bring joy throughout the year. In the opin-
ion of many, there are few gifts that quite capture the
imagination as twelve happily chosen bottles, beauti
fully presented in this handsome wine rack. Browse
through these pages leisurely and choose your favorite
bottles — and, pleasantly enough, all you have to add
to the total is the modest price of $4.95 for the rack.

 
  

Idea... e® x

Pick any 12 Bottles
Add Only F4@®]for Wine
Rack

RETAILS REGULARLY AT $9.95

A RECOMMENDED SELECTION

Here are six dry estate whites and six glorious reds; each “best of
class” from their wine growing regions; each estate bottled at a
top-flight vineyard; wines beyond reproach. These wines were
selected by James Beard after careful comparative tasting.
Pouilly Blanc Fume 1955 2.39 EACH
Dry, delicate popular white wine of the Loire Valley
3 Chateau Gruaud Larose 1952
A beautifully balanced chateau bottled Claret
3 Pommard Epenots 1953, Domaine Parent
A perfect example of a great 1953 Burgundy
3 Piesporter Goldtropfchen 1955, Friedrich
An estate bottled Moselle of great finesse

eo
whe

2.39 EACH
3.49 EACH

2.99 EACH

$3873

Complete with
WINE RACK

The Noble Grapes and Great

Wines of France

n this handsome, definitive book, André Simon,
the founder of the Wine and Food Society,
and one of the world’s leading gastronomic

authorities, brings you the story of the great wines
of France — from grape to glass. There is hardly
a page that does not offer intriguing information,
charmingly told. We strongly advise acquiring a
copy as an indispensable guide to the wines ot
France and as a delightful addition to any library.
The book is enriched by a large galaxy of vivid and
full-colored photographs of grapes, wines, and
vineyards. As a matter of interest, the brochure s
cover which you now
hold in your hand, is from
the original photograph
used for the jacket of
André Simon's book.

   

We owe a special debt of
gratitude to McGraw Hill
of New York and Rain-
Dire. Moélean- Ltd... or
London for their kind-
ness in granting us per-
mission to reproduce this
beautiful illustration.

    
 

      
   
   
     
    
 
   
     
   
     
   
     
    
       

ween Cox ze =x =r

hm = 66

  
