i ORR Lai
TAA RU A
RE RANE RE.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
    
 
  

—e

    
   

    

 
 
  

   

   

        
  
  
  
   
  
  
   
  
    
   
  
  
  
  
  
   
   
  
 
   
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
   
  
   
     
    

  
 
 
 

Concha y Fore ne Pye
Chitean Riesling ZY : tom é Casillem
au pore a = tag < hty : GRA vine ntl

THB

 

     
  

ws

PINOT BLAKEY

Believe it or not, with a population of less than six million, Chile California has been employed by the wine growers who are dedi-
produces and consumes more table wine than the entire United cated to excellence. 7 ,
States. Certainly, Chile is the oldest, the best and the most Since the country is over 2,500 miles long, and the vine can only
important wine-producing country south of the United States. flourish in a temperate zone, only the center portion of the a
ile te colts rnd tocar ee
There was a period after World War II, due to various economic ; ereandy:
eet ay cece ey ee taanast pete ae a and fire Bane from burgh
wines were exported to the United States. This is no longer true.

: Lichine states, ‘‘Chilean wines might not match a chateau-bottled
Almost in reverse, now what is being sent to the U.S. is made claret of a great year, but they often equal or surpass some of

from superior grape varieties under favorable climatic and soil the regional bottlings—and they have the advantage of being
conditions. In addition, the best technical skill of Europe and much cheaper.”’

Bottle Case

Here is Chile’s answer to the ‘Mountain Red’ wines grown in
northern California. Pleasant, sufficient fruit, kind to the
purse, entirely acceptable. The intriguing flat bottle adds visual
interest.

Bottle Case

In Chile, superior grapes are usually labeled Gran Vino, and
these designations can only be granted by the government. This
Rosé will please you if you like your pink wines fruity and
slightly sweet, rather like some of the Rosés grown in the
Loire Valley.

Traditionally, the youngest Riesling is shipped in a squat bottle :
similar to the German Bocksbheutel. Dry, fresh, useful for
everyday drinking. Excellent for ‘spritzer’ or ‘vin blanc Cassis,’

Cabernet Sauvignon’ is the great grape of Bordeaux, and 1s
only matched in excellence by the ‘Pinot Noir.’ In our opinion,
this grape yields the best red wine of both California and

Chile. Remarkably good, deep in color and flavor, very long-
.

595 lived — some continue to thrive in Chile for two or three

. decades.
In Chile, the Pinot Blanc grape gives an agreeable, dry white
wine. It is also widely planted among some of the Burgundian 634 ee
vineyards as well as California and the Tyrol. Finesse, dryness Here is a grape that provides the great Burgundies. Although
and character are apparent. excellent, the Pinot Noir grape yields the least gallonage per
acre, hence making it more costly to grow. This one is similar
590 to a moderately good red Burgundy in quality.

This delicious white wine consists of a blend of various superior 646

grape varieties. It is Chile’s attempt to capture the fruit, flower

and fragrance of the wines produced in the Rhine and Moselle

valleys of Germany. Interesting and Welleviotihe aida [he grapes were gathered in 1957 and the wine was bottled :
c ying. 1962. It was then put in a legendary dungeon-like cellar, a
by Concha yY Toro, from which it gets its colorful name. ee y
632 the very best wines are brought here. This is based on a ha
Sas known Chilean legend, “The devi Ils in the company
: ‘ er ee See ‘ gend, re devil dwells in the c -
fo apes ee IS surpassed only by the best wines.” In Chile, the wine is so rationed that it ge?
e ard ay < 2sling. Sz ; the ing ‘ i : ae :
GE Graves Sea oe ee een ae Hoe aneeS erally only reaches friends and a few select clients. It has only
eet “Siete ae -Olre Valley anc batt ea 4 f ial reasons sn
northern California. In Chile. it produces a medium an ate been sent to America, not for commercial reasons, but to stimt
50 wine; not far removed from a good Gr

ee mt J : od in
late interest and admiration for the best wine produced

aves in character. Chile

  
