® °
Beaujolals aaa |
¢ gaujolals
There are smiles on the faces of the vignerons in Beaujolais. Rarely does

it happen that a great, great.year - like 1976 , is so closely followed by ; 1978 VINTAGE continued Bottle
an equally great year - such as 1978. And the '78s have just arrived! Be : ar
the first on your block to try them. You will be delighted with their depth, ae BROUILLY,
fruit, and utter deliciousness - the perfect red wine to serve with Summer aw eM rer CHATEAU DE LA CHAIZE, 6.49
menus, especially when slightly chilled. : dainprsckr ski © \ Marquis de Roussy de Sales
= sr —_ _- | For those seeking the most exalted
And there is good news for the economy-minded! We still have a small CHATEAU de LACHAIZE J level of Beaujolais produced in the great
inventory of the now-irreplaceable and outstanding 1976 Beaujolais - at eae Co 1978 vintage, we urge quick acquisition of this
irresistably low prices. Truly great values in light of today's market. Pe COIL magnificent Gold Award-winning Brouilly - before
ee 7 it is all gone. The proprietor, Marquis de Roussy
1978 VINTAGE Bottle Case de Sales, proudly informed us by telex that his 1978 Brouilly not only
ll received the Gold Medal at the Macon Wine Fair - but received the Gold
BEAUJOLAIS, Quinson 2.09 35.75 Medal at the Paris Wine Fair as well. A prize-winning double header!
Just arrived! Fresh, light, delightful.. It is no <i Merwe |
ordinary event to be able to get good Beaujolais for MOULIN-A-VENT, Jean Beaudet 6.99 79.95
only $2.99 the bottle. Nicely affordable for everyday drinking. Ranked as the finest red wine of Beaujolais - always
the most expensive and longest-lived. Deep in color,
BEAUJOLAIS, Jean Beaudet 3.09 Sturdy - with much breed and class.
Light, fruity. Wonderful as an accompaniment
to hamburgers as they come off the grill.

bh

poe | BEAU VILBAGES, 4.49
i coomege tare newures 7 | Jean Beaudet
en AS (| Beaudet has made a beautiful
| i ; || harmony of superior grapes harvested
| PS ae ee from the high hill country. Hence, we are
dealing with not just a simple Beaujolais - but

i tsa el a Beaujolais Villages. An outstanding wine that
ae ==] will amaze you by its dramatic bouquet and full-
ness of flavor. Also available in Magnums and Half-Bottles at $53.95.

 

 

CHENAS, Jean Beaudet 5.69 66.00
Possesses the depth, character and longevity 6 VI
associated with its neighbor, Moulin-a-Vent. 1976 VINTAGE

MORGON. deah Beatdet BEAUJOLAIS, Frank Schoonmaker Selection

1 , : ' From Frank Schoonmaker's favorite Beaujolais
Less fruity than most Beaujolais - bears a close ee ;
resemblance to the Burgundies of-the Cote d'Or. cooperative. Now at its prime. Recommended enthusiastically.
Matures slowly and gracefully. \ © I

BEAUJOLAIS, 3.99 46.75 —, og 220
FLEURIE, Jean Beaudet Wea Louis Tete SiMuYy ld
: : ing fruit and vigor. _
Many of you may recall the wonderful Fleurie that Amaz ing gor. |
was shipped to us for years by Lord Marples. Here is len adseGunchs chs Seles ving

texture and depth that indicates
another charming example of Fleurie that is quite its equal. several good ce of development

JULTENSSS MSRM uae 609 ahead. Note sensationally low price.
One of the best communes of Beaujolais - much
: eS . CHENAS, Louis Tete
appreciated in the better bistros of Paris and Lyon. Akin to a 1976 red Burgundy in concentrated

SAINT AMOUR, Jean Beaudet 1>.2p texture, depth and classic proportion. Deep, long-lived.

era in, Paris, perhaps because of its romantic name.
Hard to come by - we're glad to have been able to bring 1t™teLLY.

The most NER ea anes ail» fruity, rac dof oe a SHERRY-LEH N, INC,
: e he » Onl 0 . | Y
wonderful color. Drink during 1979, nite te wine is eWINE' & SPIRITS MERCHANTS

ti 1 ite 4 S . r » =e
still in the blush of its youth. wee 679 Madison Ave. At 61 St, New York. N. Y. 10021 - TEmpleton 8-7500

6.49

Pe

 
