    
   
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
 

  
  

 

 

 

 

 

BACARD! ;
seas’  BACARD!

AN o>
ys

ae %

BACARD! BACARD!

    
   

 

SILVER—Light bodied, dry, and pale. Recommended for
Daiquiris, Bacardi Cocktail, Martinis, Tonic or the Caribbean
version of the Bloody Mary. (Below 4.99)

AMBER—Smooth, dry, but more pronounced flavor than ‘Silver.’
Recommended with Cola, 7 Up, soda or water. Also designed
for 'Egg-Nog’ and hot rum drinks. (Below 4.99)

151 PROOF—The high alcohol lends itself to robust dishes or
those that require flaming rum. (Below 7.65)

ANEJO—Very aged, light, dry, very smooth. Recommended for
‘rum-on-the-rocks’, with soda or water, in Sours and ‘Old-
Fashioneds’—or enjoy it in a snifter as you would Cognac.
(Below 6.10)

 

 

The ancient civilization of Italy is recognizable

by many of its beloved symbols such as the
| Coliseum in Rome, the Leaning Tower of Pisa,
| the Amalfi Drive, classic sculpture, ‘Spagetti
al dente’, ‘veal piccante’ and ‘Strega.’

When driving, our first official action on cross-
ing the border from France or Switzerland into
Italy, is to go to the nearest café and have a
glass of 'Strega.’ We then know we are in Italy
because no spirit we are aware of quite Cap-
tures the flavor of a country the way ‘Strega’
does of Italy. It is golden-yellow in color, rich
in flavor, subtle in appeal — the kind of after-
dinner liqueur that one can keep inhaling and
lingering over for a full hour. It can occupy a
worthy position in a bar in your home — and
can be an insipired selection as a gift.

Below 9.95

 

  
  

  
 
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
  
   
    
     
   
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
 

A dated, limited edition of English Bone-China created by one
of the greatest names in British craftsmanship, ‘ROYAL AD-
DERLY.’ The details and coloring of these Scotties—one black
and one white—are entirely by hand. Each of these ten-inch
Scotties is individually and attractively packaged, and holds a
full fifth of ‘Black & White’? Scotch. It should be pointed out
that there is only one English Bone-China and it compares to
other ceramics like a Stradivarius to a fiddle. It is cherished
for its wonderful translucence and vivid, sparkling glaze.

Here is a unique gift for any of your friends who collect English
Bone-China, or are particularly fond of dogs. The bone-china
replicas of the beloved ‘Scottie’ is not inexpensive, but even
were it empty, it usually sells at a higher price than this. A true
collector's item—a superlative gift.

Each is handsomely and individually packaged
Below 29.96 each

The distillers of the

s renowned Queen
: Anne Scotch have
won world acceptance
for the excellence of
their whisky. It is their
custom to set aside
their best reserves,
age them for an ex-
ceptionally long
period, and proudly
present the resulting
whisky, in limited
quantity, to Scotch
connoisseurs. When
this traditional cus-
tom takes place, the
whisky is offered
under the simple, bu
descriptive name o
aa see is OME THe
PT ne \ SPECIAL.’

 

ee eree lth. T1324

If you have someon
special on your lis
who would like to ex
perience outstandin
aged Scotch, we sug
gest you send the
(oom eT Hie
SPECIAL.’

(Below 102.00 case)

Below 8.9

 

SHERRY-LEHMANN, INC. - 679 Madison Avenue. N. Y. 10021 TEmpleton 8-7500

  

 
