   

 

 

mative biography of Maurice Savin, clearly points out that no enlightened
today Maurice Savin is one of the foremost
artists of our time, testified to by the maintenance of continuous high quality and great variety in his works.
He is not a fashionable or stylish painter. His genuineness does not contribute to that. He is what he is
— and he creates with natural ease and abundance. The troubled mind of the creative person is his lot.
There is a strong human quality apparent in all of his work, whether it be his paintings, sculptures, ceramics,
‘Ilustrations or tapestries. Maurice Savin was born in 1894 in the little country town of Moras in southern
France. His work is rooted in the soil of France. It is his luminous, radiant, fleshy style that gives the

human warmth to this catalog.

Marcel Sauvage, in his recent infor
art dealer or regarded art critic would dispute the statement that

This catalog was brought to completion on the presses of Draeger Fréres at Montrouge in the suburbs of
Paris in August 1968. The topography and page construction were conceived by the famed French art director,
Jean Latour. The venerable firm of Draeger Fréres has for many decades enjoyed the reputation as the
most creative and perfectionistic printers in France and possibly the world. Many of the books, art repro-
ductions, and posters conceived and printed by Draeger Freres have now become collectors’ items of great

value and beauty.

Nicolas started modestly 146 years ago. Nicolas is now the largest wine merchant in the world with its

1,700 retail outlets and its daily sale averaging 650,000 bottles. During these many decades, Nicolas learned
how to choose the best wines within each price class. Many of the treasures they have collected appear
in these pages. We lift our glasses “ filled with the good wine of Nicolas " and salute and thank Mr. Pierre
Nicolas, the managing director, for making his fine wines, as well as his inspired leadership in the field

of graphic arts, available to the wine lovers of america.

We first opened our doors in modest fashion on Madison Avenue back in 1934. From the beginning, we have
considered it the wine and spirit merchant's responsibility to visit the vineyards and distilleries of the world,
to seek out the best, to taste critically and continuously and to maintain the lowest possible prices consistent
with quality. Since we believe well-informed customers will prove the most devoted, we continuously-
attempt to provide up-to-date data about fine wines and spirits. It is in this spirit that this catalog was born.

20
Printed in France
By DRAEGER, Paris
