 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
   
 
    
  
   
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
   
  
   
  
   
  
  
  
   
    
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
   
    
    
  

 

 

Vy at rR

5 Aa

&,.3Y STF
4/9)

4,49

(HE WESTERN | NITED STATES

 

LVM. = GUE. WACHIELYN = AND
IFRIC AN GASTRONOMS

yout! INES OF

wil Bos

gpvtl

oat
j=
wy

RP

2,59

re

WNC 99 20 30
1,

 

Japan Travel Association

James Beard, who traveled through Japan
last summer, recalls: ‘““The best beef we
ate in Japan was in Matzusaka at the res
taurant Wadakin. We were taken to the
private barns of the owner and saw the
cows being massaged with great brushes
after they had been well sprayed with high
proof raw sake. ‘Then, as an added delight,
they were treated to a couple of bottles of
beer at a time. The result isa magnificently
marbled beef which has such tenderness

as you have never known

 

Going from delicate tenderness to robust

heartiness, here is James Beard’s recipe fo
Garlic Sausage Braised in Red Wine, a dish
simple to prepare and bound to revive
even the most exhausted skier, or fatigued

5th Ave. shopper

1 good-sized garlic sausage
24 cup chopped shallots or green onions
21% cups red wine

Chop the shallots very fine and combine with
the red wine in a heavy skillet. Place the sau-
sage in the wine and bring to a boil. Lower
the heat and simmer, turning several times,
for 35-40 minutes, or until the sausage is nicely
glazed in the wine bath. Serve with the juices
in the pan.

A delightful paperback primer on the
wines of the world has just been issued by
Simon and Schuster. It bears the appealing
title AN INVITATION TO WINES, and
we proudly note that it was revised and
brought up to date by our assoc late at
Sherry’s, Alexis Bespaloff. It is carried by
practically all book stores and costs but
¢1.45—a worthwhile investment for the

wine enthusiast

 

 

 

Home from my office to my lodgings, where

my wife had got ready a very fine dinner

a dish of marrow bones; a leg of mutton

a loin of veal; a dish of fowl, three pullets
and two dozen of larks all in a dish; a great
tart, a neat’s tongue, a dish of anchovies
a dish of prawns and cheese

Samuel Pepys’ Diary, January 26, 1660

BELIEVE IT OR NOT=THERE ARE MORE SKIERS
IN JAPAN THAN IN THE UNITED STATES

Baseball has caught on in Japan—and now skiing! Its popularity has increased by leaps
and bounds, and now there are estimated to be over four million skiers in this small country,
with over 200 ski areas. Most of these centers feature hot springs, where bathing can be
enjoyed. The most popular resorts are Shiga (4,900 ft.) and Akakura, where the big attrac-
tion is natural hot spring baths (the chair lift cost is only 67¢ per day).

In this far away country, the visual senses as well as the palate will be intrigued. There are
wild vegetables, wild game, roe of sea urchins, abalone, raw fish, baby octopus, sukiyaki
and some of the best beef produced anywhere in the world. And, of course, there is the
omnipresent sake ($2.75 the bottle at Sherry’s).

FIRST NEW YORK SHOWING OF INTRIGUING
JAPANESE SPIRITS

Americans returning from Japan tell their friends of a Japanese whisky that tastes like a
good Scotch, an extraordinary liqueur made of green tea, and still another one distilled from
cherry blossoms.

The demand for these three spirits has been consistent in our shop during the last decade,
but it was not until mid-January 1963 that the first bottles from the first shipment found
their way to our shelves. Here is an intriguing opportunity to anticipate—or recapture—
a Tokyo experience.

No. Bottle Case

JI SUNTORY JAPANESE WHISKY ..... 7.25 82.65

We have not had this product in our shop long enough to form a firm opinion of our own. We have tasted it,
found it relatively light, mellow and of good flavor. We leave it to the intrepid to explore this subject further

J2. SUNTORY GREEN TEA LIQUEUR. . . . . 8.85 98.24

If the Mexicans can make it out of coffee, and the Swiss out of chocolate, why shouldn’t the Japanese make it
out of tea? No people in the world make quite so much ceremony out of tea drinking as the natives of Tokyo.
The essence and distinctive flavor of good green tea are captured here.

J3_ SUNTORY CHERRY BLOSSOM LIQUEUR . . 8.85 98.24

Statisticians claim that there are more cherry blossoms per square mile in Japan than anywhere else on earth
With such abundance, it would be less than prudent to let them simply perish. A wise distiller, after much trial
and error, has been able to imprison the delicate bouquet and individual flavor of cherry blossoms within the
confines of a bottle. Buy a bottle, pull the cork and let the aroma of a flower garden invade your home. Use a
large brandy snifter and you will think you are walking along the Potomac in Washington on a May day.

ITALY PROVIDES
SNOW. SUN. AND GASTRONOMY

Although Italy is usually thought of as a warm country, its skiable Alps Mountains stretch
from the French Riviera, then along the southern border of Switzerland and Austria, ending
north of Venice along the Yugoslavian border. The skiers and tourists generally arrive in
Milan and fan out in every direction along the Italian Alps.

They dine on pasta with a large variety of appetizing sauces, pizzas, veal scaloppine,
cheeses. risotto Milanese, saltimbocca, osso buco or chicken cacciatore, and with the food
they order Chianti, Valpolicella, Barolo, Bardolino, Soave or Verdicchio. They also drink the
country’s Grappa ($5.84), Campari ($4.85), Punt e Mes ($2.81) and Cinzano ($2.35).

RED WINES OF ITALY

No. Bottle Case

482 CHIANTI MACHIAVELLI 1958... .. 1.49 16.50

Stop any Florentine, ask him to name the three best Chiantis produced in the hills outside his city and he will
almost certainly include the wonderful red wine produced at the Machiavelli vineyard. (Incidentally, this is
where Machiavelli lived, and where he wrote his classic “The Prince.” ) You can buy a Chianti at twice the
price, but we question whether it would be as good

621 VALPOLICELLA 1959 (Cantina Sociale) . . 1.49 16.50

Romanticists, and students of English literature, think of Verona as the home of Romeo and Juliet. Gourmets,
on the other hand, may have forgotten this fact and find greater delight in remembering this city as the home of
Valpolicella, a delightful light red wine grown not far south of the Italian Alps.

835 BAROLO 1955 (Cantina di Barolo). . . . 1.89 20.95

Here is an authentic Barolo, made from a noble grape and developed in the bottle for over five years. We tasted
it and were fooled—we thought it was a good example of a mature Chateauneuf-du-Pape. In our opinion, this
is quite its equal as a red wine, only it costs about $1 less the bottle

465 CHIANTI RISERVA (Brolioc) . . . . . . 325 35.75

If one were looking for the noblest red wine of Italy, the Chateau Haut Brion of Tuscany, one would find it
here at Chateau Brolio. Here is a red wine which, like a great Claret, is rich in tannin and requires a long period
of bottle aging to reach maturity. Only 1% of the wine produced at this vineyard bears the appellation

“Brolio Riserva.”

WHITE WINES OF ITALY
No. Bottle Case

S06 FRASCATI BIANC@ . . «5-3 2 a | 97 10.75

“All roads lead to Rome,” and practically all of them have to pass through the Frascati vineyards that tower over this
city of the seven hills. It is the favorite white wine of Rome—they claim it tastes better in the vineyards less than 10
miles away—and is the simplest of white wines. Perhaps its prime virtue Is Its low price

627 SOAVE 1959 (Cantina di Soave) . ... 1.49 16.50

Some people call Verona the most charming “‘little city’’ of all Europe Not far away there is a walled village called Soave,
whose chief occupation is to produce the best dry white wine of all Italy. You would be hard put to it to find a wine
produced anywhere in the world that equals this one, at a price such as this

Page Nine
