This catalog is designed to help you acquire worthy wines and
spirits for your own use, as well as those you may choose to send
as gifts. Browse among its pages——you will be rewarded if you
are willing to probe, experiment, and ultimately choose those

wines that most please your price and palate standards.

Though the wine list here probably represents one of the largest
collections of any wine shop, we are not neglectful of excellent
spirits, whether they be scotch, gin, bourbon, vodka, brandy or
liqueurs. They are all present here in glorious array, with par-
ticular emphasis on those that will lend themselves to good value
and holiday gift giving. We think you will find the selections

complete; your favorites are undoubtedly included.

Particularly helpful is the knowledge that you can count on pleas-
ing, tasteful gift wrappings without added cost to you. But, per-
haps best of all, you will be pleased with our knowledgeable,
friendly and dedicated staff, eager to help and serve you —
whether it be during a friendly visit to our shop or by telephone.
Some of you may prefer leisurely armchair shopping at home—
if so, simply fill out the enclosed order form and your instruc-

tions will be followed as though you were here personally.

To a gay and festive holiday season!

We Invite You to Share Some of Our Discoveries

j
J
Z,

 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 

  
 
   
    
    
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
 
   
   

DELIVERY INFORMATION

 
 

WITHIN U.P.S. ZONE: No charge for delivery with-
in vast U.P.S. zone on orders of $25 or more. This
includes the five boroughs — Long Island, West-
chester, and most of Rockland County. Below $25,
kindly add $2.75 for each delivery.

 
 

BEYOND U.P.S. ZONE: (but within New York
State): No charge for delivery on orders of $200 or
more. Below $200, kindly add $19 for each delivery
—the minimum charge that trucking companies
impose for upstate deliveries. During mid-winter
some upstate areas may not be serviced by truck.
If there are any questions as to trucking facilities,
kindly inquire.

 
 

HOURS: Open until 7 P.M. daily. During the pre-
Christmas period, starting Monday, December 9th,
we will remain open until 9 P.M. each weekday

evening.

 
 

SALES TAX: Within New York City, kindly add 8%.
Beyond New York City, kindly add the appropriate
tax for the area involved.

SHERRY- LEHMANN, INC. ps

 

     

Pres 79 Madison Ave. At 61 St. New York, N. Y. 10021 - TEmplcton 8-7500

  

He WINE & SPIRITS MERCHANTS ise

    
