     

GOH x S Ss
WS

SSNS

SC QUTOLASS and
Touilly Frissé

    
 

  

EAU O, ii WW -
| MOULIN A VE!

 
  

QU
hove

 

‘)
The Rt (Pronounced ro)

Nemase of 12 ALEXIS LICHINE, out-

! un h rit
—charming wines of the 1958 vintage that have standing wine authority

een hand picked after days of tasting by Alexis Lichine—the same wines and author of the defini-
at are being consumed today so enthusiastically by appreciative French- tive book “The Wines o

nen—for whom the half bottle is hardly enough and the full bottle some- >> —. f
mes too much. Here they are, just in time to add pleasure to your France, writes us as
mmer dining, in this graceful, ‘in-between bottle,’ a generous 17 ounce follows:
ze—not quite as large as the regular bottle, but almost 50% larger than

he half bottle. “During April, I tasted my way through

southern Burgundy seeking out the best

1 FLEURIE, LES MORIERS, 1958 (Mousset)  _ of the 1958 Beaujolais and Pouilly Fuisse.
M. Mousset’s cellar is my text book ideal for Beaujolais—a de- Si ih hi I ] 4 <i
lightful Beaujolais from fine vineyard, which ages extremely ince the sun shines longer here, 0h the
gracefully. weather warmer, I knew that the vintage

2 MOULIN A VENT, DOMAINE BURDELINES, 1958 “ud fare much better than it did fur-
A very well made wine—fat, round and full—possesses what the ther north on the Cote dOr. However, I

French call “race”’—-makes a very fine bottle—from best Beau- had to exercise extreme care here, for the
jolais vineyard land. quality of the 1958 varied tremendously
from vineyard to vineyard, and my search
3S BEAUJOLAIS BLANC 1958 (Thevenot) was limited to exceptional bottles.
Fine white Beaujolais, sensitive, well balanced—Mr. Thevenot’s
two vats won first prize among white Beaujolais at a recent wine “Since then, I have had many opportuni-

festival—it is wine from these two vats that is being shipped in

anat? to Merny e ties to retaste and I can report that the

1958 Beaujolais and Pouilly that I am

POUILLY FUISSE, 1958 now shipping to the United States in the
This very wine obtained a medal as one of the three best wines me Be eS h
produced in Pouilly in 1958. Golden color with a hint of Emerald Pot Bottle” are representative of the

green—more body than average white Burgundy—a wine that most delightful, freshest, fruitiest wines,
should last well. somewhat on the light side, that are pro-
All wine descriptions by Alexis Lichine duced in this important wine area of

France. There are not many wines that

can match them in pleasantness for day-

in and day-out carefree drinking during
THREE EACH OF THE Only the warm summer days.”

FOUR WINES LISTED
am oom be G95
BY 1H FOr Si Ss

For all Twelve

 
