   
 
    
 
     
   
 
   
 
 
   
   

KARRY-KEG

Pick any 3 to 6 bottles
Add Only

  

Retails regularly
for $8.50.

eRRY

r drink of 5

Savel-the underora
reafter, the famous Oxf:
ed, and wit sharpens qn
2 pale dry Sherry was

Sherry

the exalted seat of Ar
was the first Oxoni

the first to be can (No Charge for Wine Rack)

of the town in whic

         

KARRY-KEG
x
THERMDs.

Here is a gay, practical, and personal gift you can send to express your appreciation
flavour coupled with to your weekend hostess—or to dramatically commemorate a birthday or anniver-
which is superior. sary. Many of our wine friends are so intrigued with the rack and its contents, that
they choose to send it to themselves—and in some instances, they have ordered SIX
CRUSE RACKS to take advantage of the substantial 10% case discount.

   
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
   
  
   
   
   
     
      

2
y It is also reassuring to know that each of the six different wines come from the im-
he College for overt peccable cellars of CRUSE, the famed and traditional firm of Bordeaux. Each of
hmen in choosing tt the six wines is outstanding within its class—and the handsome wooden cellarette
men 1 S fit, one upon the other like children’s blocks, to provide an excellent solution to
g Cup’ from an anc sturdy and safe wine storage. Remember, there is no extra charge for the wine rack.

Jere is ‘Cyril's Own
o the weekly orde#! 0 The

d the pet contains six different
y old, an wines (2 of each).

MADEIRA Dry, light white wine of Bordeaux. Rich, full, vigorous, ready now.
Wy Thee : maintains the life
: ne class i ra ° . : :
Tawny Pot! 3.48 Valley. eRe pe of eee a aeeetee ee ee of 300 ice cubes for over 24
1a ;

hours.

yned for the mmP Much finesse, soft, ready now.

py-"
The Port cere?" Excellent example of a beloved red 9
ondent with fru wine. sturdy, leak proof, can’t run or
? y {he
scompanied ae } dent.
the very Por SPECIAL OFFER—Should you order SIX CRUSE RACKS (equal z =
to one full case each of the six different wines shown here), you will onl 7 Pienies—trave —1ce
get the benefit of the substantial 10% case discount this entitles x > f d Id
a you to. It means that you would pay $204.00 for all six Cruse Wine - cube storage—keeping oo co —
qn ae thus saving you $22.68 as compared to what six racks would Complete with A ke iL A
\ave cost you were they purchased individually. Wine Rack camping, fis ing, oating.
ta Mad he famed
polar ane” ey ade by the fame
d his q ; hog e e
mre pa the sch retails regularly at pick
]king a 4

mn any 5 to 6 bottles
set
