    

   

fs SB. iN a ;
ax £O ae) : , aa

1970 = Contd. ens eee TS mm sis
No. Bottle Case The 7 -/
M-21 CHATEAU PICHON LALANDE (Pauillac) 45.95 Giants of Bordeaux 4

Distinguished for balance and depth of flavor. Similar in
characteristics to the Chateau Latour vineyard, which it
surrounds on three sides.

    
   
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
   
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
   
 
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
 
    
 

 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
    
    
 

M-23 CHATEAU BELAIR (St. Emilion) .. 47.50
Owned by Chateau Ausone, and matured in the Chateau Here are the ‘noblest vineyards of them all.’ Vineyards that set the
Ausone cellars. Difficult to distinguish them. Deep in color, standard—not only for the red wines of Bordeaux, but for the red
round, wines of the world. Here are clarets endowed with such power, bal-

M-24 CHATEAU BOUSCAUT (Graves) 48.50 ance and longevity that they will be alive and vibrant even two
There are 12 ‘Grand Crw’ classified vineyards in Graves, decades hence.
among which Chateau Haut Brion reigns supreme. In this Just as an art collector attempts to buy Picasso and Chagall shortly
noble class can be found Chateau Bouscaut—a wine that after the painting is completed in the fond expectation that he will
develops more quickly than a comparable Medoc, yet still not only enjoy its ownership, but relax in the certainty that the price
retains the virtues of long life. Even a 1928 Bouscaut tastes will surely go up later—similarly, the knowledgeable wine collector
virile today. acquires his ‘first growths’ shorty after a great vintage, knowing that

M-25 CHATEAU BEYCHEVELLE (St. Julien) .. 48.50 he will either enjoy drinking the wines, or that they would cost
Finesse is distinguishing characteristic of this noble vineyard considerably more had he chosen to acquire them later. 1970 in
—graceful and elegant. : Bordeaux is such a vintage.

M-29 CHATEAU MOUTON-BARON PHILIPPE 92.50 No Case
This vineyard was formerly part of Chateau Mouton-

Rothschild, and then was separated in about 1800. The pro- ies CHATEAU MARGAUX (Margaux) . 139-60
prietor is the same—Baron Philippe de Rothschild. An he oe cask, it is displaying fine deep color, good bal-
excellent ‘Grand Cru’—a bit lighter than Mouton, but of the sue eae Oe

same noble heritage and breed. Extraordinary opportunity M-32 CHATEAU LATOUR (Pauillac) . 139.00
here to acquire a true classic for a relatively modest invest- Full-bodied. firm, but with exceptional softness in 1970. Will
ment. 5s live for decades.

M-29A CHATEAU FIGEAC (St. Emilion). 54.95 M-37 CHATEAU HAUT BRION (Graves) .... 139.00
When the proprietor looks out of his window, he overlooks Very big, full; power, combined with elegance. Undoubtedly,
the vines of Cheval Blane, which is directly next door. In the best Graves produced in 1970—in the same exalted
the same style as Cheval Blanc, it is robust, well-rounded, league as Lafite, Mouton and Latour. Now is the time to
and of great depth and longevity. Much sought after and hard acquire this great, great claret.
to come by. M-34. CHATEAU CHEVAL BLANC (St. Emilion) 145.00

M-30 CHATEAU PALMER (Margaux) 72.50 As in Petrus, the Merlot grape came through absolutely
Hard to come by—always expensive. Adjacent to Chateau ‘perfect,’ providing one of the best Cheval Blancs of the
Margaux. Good fruit and finish—extraordinary breed. generation.

M-30A CHATEAU LA MISSION HAUT BRION M-31 CHATEAU PETRUS (Pomerol) 175.00

Ceraeesy ee ee 87.50 Because of health of Merlot grapes, Chateau Petrus 1970 may
Woltner Freres, the proprietors, were the last to quote on well be the best Petrus produced in the last two decades.
the Bordeaux market, and the price has just reached us. It Only 16 acres—hard to come by. Dramatic velvetyness—a
isn’t inexpensive, but since it competes in intrinsic excellence glory.
with Ist growths, it is well worth the price. Distinguishing M-36 CHATEAU MOUTON ROTHSCHILD
characteristics are balance, finesse—the superb flavor of (Panthac): 2:20 ea 185.00
Graves, and longevity. A classic claret. Baron Philippe de Rothschild is proud of the bigness, power,
and beautiful balance of his 1970 Mouton—certainly one of
i, ful, the greatest of his post-war years.
M-35 CHATEAU LAFITE-ROTHSCHILD

CPanitlad) ee ee eee 185.00
We have watched the Lafite 1961 and 1959 climb to the $500
per case mark and beyond. Given another decade, the same
astronomic climb will surely happen to Lafite 1970.

nD

TERMS AND INFORMATION — 1970 BORDEAUX

x SESS All of the 1970 red Bordeaux wines listed here will be available for delivery
pay SS during 1973.
{ 74 4 . The prices quoted here include delivery charges to your home or warehouse

of your choice, provided that it is within the vast United Parcel delivery zone
(which includes New York City, Long Island, Westchester and parts of Rock-
land and Orange counties).

If the delivery is beyond the United Parcel zone, but within New York State,
there will be no charge for delivery if any single shipment is in excess of

Dance at $50 (if below $50, there will be a charge of $5 for shipment to an upstate
Bougival address).
c. 1885— Shipment can only be to a state where legally permitted. If you are not cer-

tain as to whether we can ship to the state in which you reside, you can

a soft-ground In W
check with the local liquor authority or make inquiry from us.

  
      
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
    

etching by rk .
AUGUSTE Kindly add the appropriate sales tax prevailing at the time of purchase and
RENOIR. in your area.

Check in payment must accompany order.

If the wine that you order is in excess of the storage space in your home,
your purchase can be stored by you, in warehouse cellars that can be recom-
mended highly. On inquiry, we will gladly advise you of prevailing storage
rates.

The 1970 vintage is available in half-bottles and magnums at $3.00 per case
additional. Since these wines are not yet in bottle, you have free choice as
to which wines you may want in half-bottles or magnums, provided that you
advise us well in advance of bottling.
