 

eat
os

 

se
i wi
irs

CANAL BARGE—NEAR BRIENNON Lyonnais

No.

1829 OLD STYLE WHISKEY (A superior Blend). . . . . . . Pio

Year in and year out the blended whiskies which contain neutral spirits have been the most
standing ones generally command over $4.50 the bottle. It is therefore no ordinary event to o
all-purpose whiskey for a price as low as this. It is full 86 proof and if you are even slightly s

we are sure you will agree with our findings. For even further savings, we suggest FULL Q
the case.

1959 OLD JEB 6 YEAR OLD KENTUCKY BOURBON

a
® a ° * 7s

The blended whiskies, like Old Style above, are far and away the most popular but there has
Straight, relatively light Kentucky Bourbon, such as Old Jeb. This superb example, a straight
has matured a full 6 years in barrel. Our comparative tastings indicate that it quite matches
Bourbon produced at its neighboring Kentucky distilleries. The important difference is that th
$3.69 the bottle; whereas the others usually command over $5. And for those who have a
aspects of life, we happily report that it is available in FULL QUARTS at $4.59 each, $52.5

1961 OLD J.T.S. BROWN BONDED KENTUCKY BOURBON . .

The Old J. T. S. Brown Distillery has roots deep in American history—it first started making
in 1855 in the small Kentucky town bearing the charming name ‘Early Times”. With this

them the experience and the knowledge of knowing how to make good whiskey. As testim
into the bottle, we pleasantly report that “Old J. T. S. Brown” recently outsold all other Brand
birthplace of Bourbon, earning the rank of No. 1—no mean accomplishment! This whiskey w

at $4.39, it borders on the sensational. For those interested in the larger, more economical siz
each, $63.50 the case.

qe
<->

1977 TOM DEAN 6 YEAR BONDED KENTUCKY BOURBON

Our taster and famous wine and food authority, James Beard, conducted a Bonded Bourbon: \ t
Bourbons subjected to the tasting sold for over $6. the bottle. James Beard reports, “Tom D
flavor, richness of taste to all that were tasted—ranks as one of the best Bonded Bourbon value
added savings, there are FULL QUARTS at $5.69 each, $64.50 the case.

20

Asp

 

i
cw
‘ie
ws
why’
. Rm Yr
Ew
AT p
ee re
hada
Waa
A Wy,
