% . ‘the latter school, but it is simply a matter of taste.

 

 

a. Champagne ane the better the punch will be,

 

New Year's dish in James Beards Sonmaheia. siied vii noodles or small new potatoes. The beauty ~.
is that this stew actually sees me reheating -- so a7 Ou: can a prepare it perane days ahead .
and benefit in flavor. 3

. CLASSIC OYSTER STEW - -This should be “Avépiived at the last: moment bares oysters should never
be served overcooked or over- eer Ask the man at oF Grand — Oyater Bar and he will be
the: first to agree. ,

¢ OMELET BAR - Our good friend, ua. Stanigh, has achieved a | kind of a dniohantiie iininortality for his
omelets. He even has an omelet pan named after him. For those.of you who want to make perfect omelets, |
we suggest you get. the nr anen pan -- directions. for making perféct oe. BpCompany. it. , |

CHOUCROUTE GARNE - In Paris, ak the. eusas bragseries, on New Year's Eve you will find everyone
from politicians to opera pee and wine Se ehants, eee this. classic dish with a fine Alsatian. wine.
(See recipe below. ) :

‘CHUCK WAGON STEAK = A true vepern dish which marinates for a days and aera toa
genes Yrareness. Siar =

‘CHILI - : aheee. are ive a cHoois of thought, hase ho prefer them with beans and those without. ah am of .

Oo
-—- om

STEAK TARTARE - The Kriendlers and Berns at "24" | prepare one of.the best versions of this dish in

F

America and they have given us their recipe which HPPEDSE Relows Whether you are in the "21" Club or li
"your own home, you will enjoy this delicacy. | | a , : /
| AFTER THE Man@OUNSe OCT: RES Oe ee i

; “As the evening ‘wears on and your guests and you have eaten and drunk well -= it might be unwise to 'serye -- -a@

=a rich dessert... The. pimiols joiuge will have. engah appeal. : a: i, : (pin Q

_ CHEESE BOARD ‘WITH. FRESH FRUITS’ - Iwould suggest a fine tre, a ar cheese; a Swiss: Gruyere; : i
_ and the excellent Reblochon. ‘To go with it, a crisp French Bread, pears and apples, anda good, honest, n
simple red-wine. (We. particularly recommend for this occasion, the fruity, young and charming Beaujolais te

. Villages 1966, which is the kind of wine that lends itself to the occasion. because the grapes were grown in.
oy. fhe very year ‘that is just ending. ) aes .

C4. ~ AGG

= PETITS FOURS - . These should be bought from a es bakery that uses butter liberally in their recipe. W
i

CHAMPAGNE. SHERBET - aay delicious and, 80 easy to make that we simply must aive you the Beets 9
that appears below. t

| u
‘TRADITIONAL NEW YEAR'S DRINKS: I

f

. EGG NOG - |The most classic of ite Yuletide drinks, The recy of the best one we have | ever totae appears g
be low. | oe . os e

: FISH HOUSE PUNCH tt the Daidone Club) - -. This famous old pitiadelphia coche has eee a ‘New Year's
classic and is served in thousands Of’ households in America. How to make it appears below. :
2

CLARET CUP. - It is interesting to riote that the Victorian phrase ‘Claret Punch" persists to this mt and,
a more descriptive term, "Red. Wine Punch" has. aes superceded it. (See. recipe below..)

- CHAMPAGNE: PUNCH - The most elegant of all punches.. It has become popular, caetewinely for economic
reasons, to-mix some club soda with the Champagne. But obviously, the closer you get to core the

 
