 

sot

   

The Ubassumings

UINES TE uropE

We invite you to adventure among the less well-known but nevertheless surpris-

GUMPOL™
SPATLES!"”
To the south

as “Rumpels

with a light, p
nevertheless,

  

Rl
KREMSEI Yt ESE!
VELTLINI”
In the Danu
Krems which?

ingly-good table wines of Portugal, Switzerland and Austria. Here are wines
that have been generally neglected in America and deserve greater attention.

7 { vk h
GRINZINGH r
TRA MIN [vale
The suburb « :

Manhattan. § cag
indeed when :

You will discover that many of them are being offered at prices that are almost
fifty percent less than what you have been accustomed to paying.

Choose among them—they are below $2.00 the bottle—and embark on a joy-
ous, modestly-priced adventure in a tasting among some of the most interesting
wines produced on the continent.

623 NUSSBER(A(ABINE!
RIESLING 0)

The vineyards
From Beerru S ZI I we can to Cer

RED WINES
447 DAO SAO PEDRO TINTO 1.39 15.19

We first learned about this remarkably good dark red table wine, grown south of Oporto,
from H. Gregory Thomas, President of Chanel, Ine., and one of America’s leading authori-
ties on wine and food. He bought two cases, aroused our curiosity, and we tasted it. We
agree—-one of the best values in red wine available anywhere on the globe.

 

470 VINHO VERDE TINTO (Casal Garcia) ... 1.49 16.95

The label looks as though it were made of lace, the taste is slightly reminiscent of velvet, , ee: . al ate
and the bouquet is as fresh as gingham. Here is a new material for wine lovers, never W iad Kk W aN KS
imported into the United States before, it has its own genuine character and validity, and
those who take wine drinking cither seriously or pleasurably, should not deny themselves

the experience of Portgual’s best red table wine.
: 427 NEUCHATEL 1961 (Vilké\j,
WHITE WINES ? Tee ial
Perhaps the best example of Neu

495 DAO SAO PEDRO BRANCO 1.45 15.72 ee ee

1961, estate bottled by La Ville de

We move into a better class here—more finesse, full flavored, relatively dry, surprisingly
good, exceptional value.

460 FENDANT SPATLESE If) \\

    

le Mio
— _ . 1" . . _ | sovery!— > of the most h
341 VINHO VERDE BRANCO (Casal Garcia). 1.49 16.95 See ee
a vineyard in Valais owned fo!
From the high plateau land above the Douro river comes this remarkable, light, fresh Bishops of Valais of their Sabon dish

     

white wine. Here is the Montrachet and Wehlener Sonnenuhr of Portugal. Certainly, not
in the same class, but nevertheless, there is enough breed and distinction to justify the
zealous search for this “‘Vinho Verde” by the knowledgable wine drinkers of Portugal.

PINK WINES : D | | th
= ise The two great aristocrats of the I uy)
544 MATEUS ROSE 1.99 21.49 SEAS 3 grape, and Dezaley, made from th ‘Ohann

white wine of exceptional charac Here

A wine of breed and charm—an¢

    
     
 

661 DEZALEY 1960 (L’union)

 
       
      
 
 

The flat pear shaped bottle, proudly holding its superior pink wine, has become a standard
for Vin Rose in Europe, South America, and now in the United States. It is made of the
historic Bastardo grape and is an excellent definition of the clear color, subtle bouquet and
refreshing lightness associated with a pleasing Vin Rose. Half bottles are available at
1.11 each, 23.98 the case of 24.

 
   
   
 

490 JOHANNISBERG DU VA
(Cave des Glariers). . .-
Che Swiss respected the Riesling ¢
Lausanne. from which this wine c

       
 
  
 
 
 

SHERRY WINE & Sih

Page Twelve...

  
