    

———— na ees

SSS
Se aay eaeinl Saath UML rf ve ERT ay}

 

BORDEA
CHATEAU
) MEDOC
$1. EMIL
oe  b Ag : See = re st, JULI
THE VERY BEST OF SWITZERLAND gio ee be
h ds of Americans visit each year. They develop an affection for the wonderful white wines s a = BPE te aut Ne
a a count, put are disappointed when they come back to America because either the wines are : oe CHATEAU
completely unavailable, or are hopelessly expensive. We have gone to great efforts to seek out the = uo. : Este
best that Switzerland has to offer, have achieved the trust and cooperation of the Swiss growers, and dint) SASS th Se CHATEAY
proudly offer their wines, in their full range. MeN wees Ue ; ee ttn
| vee CHATEAU

WHITE WINES Bottle Case

MONT sur ROLLE 1962 Ces Pierrailles) .:.....0.c:ccccccccccccesettneeececctetneseenebaacenscenegnn tees 1.79 19.75
Won Gold Medal Award at Lucerne. Their greatest charm is delicate bouquet and intensely clear
freshness.

ee 06) (Ville de Netelintel) cock oe tetris 1.89 20.95
Proud property of the City of Neuchatel — much breed and charm — the most popular white wine of
Switzerland.

Pee ed SP TIS 1962 (ishoo de Sion) 3 ee dee cio ne: 199 21.95
From a vineyard owned for centuries by the Bishops of Sion. Time stripped them of their temporal
rights, but their vineyard properties were respected. A wine of distinction and breed.
ee ties bi tach btw i 2.49 27.50

There is a 10 mile stretch of a mountainous semi-circle from Lausanne to Montreaux. Its steep slopes,
which includes the jewel-like town of St. Saphorin, produces some of the finest white wines of Switzer-
land. This one is extraordinary.

AIGLE 1962 (H. Badaux) . Poe ata aka S46) Bee 2e.08
At the eastern end of Lake Geneva, in the Canton of Vaud, there are the wonderful vineyards of Aigle.
Has all of the crisp freshness of a mountain wine.

YVORNE 1962 (H. Badaux) ... ae weed ac wae eae

A wine that the Swiss like so much that it rarely leaves their country. Here is perhaps its first appearance
in the United States.

spree

giatz

DEZALEY 1962 (L’Arbalete) ‘ue i eee eee

The two great aristocrats of the Lavaux area are Johannisberg, made from the Riesling grape, and
Dezaley, made from the Fendant grape. Here is a clean, refreshing, bone dry white wine of exceptional
character.

222 2

JOHANNISBERG DU VALAIS 1962 (M. Gay) ...... a, + 2.48. 27.50
The Swiss resvected the Riesling grape of the Rheingau and brought it to the suburbs of Lausanne, from
which this wine comes. Some consider this the best wine of Switzerland.

RED WINES
DOLE DE SION 1962 (Maurice Gay) i 2S 2760

Made primarily from the Pinot Noir grape. It is a pleasing, full bodied wine, of the great 1962 vintage.
Can be classified as Switzerland’s best red wine. Not the equal of a noble red Burgundy, but it can take
on, and perhaps surpass, the best of Beaujolais.

Tour the mountains and lakes of Switzerland with the “Swiss Sampler.” One bottle each of all of the
nine wines listed above for only $19.25 — would cost $20.61 if purchased individually.

Page Twenty Two...
