  
  
   
  
   
   
 
   
    
  
 
    
  
 
   
  
 
    
    
   
    
   

iesot Hurope = 3
On SALE @

with |
Weo!
fond
half |
SALE PRICE their
NOW

No. Bottle Case No.

B1 COL COURBE V.S.E.P. COGNAC (Crooked Neck Bottle) . . . . 5.99 68.50 +406

The bottle is a delight to the eye; the V.S.E.P. Cognac is a delight to the palate; the Sale price a boon to the cost-conscious.

B3 SAMUEL JOHNSON “COFFEE HOUSE” COGNAC. . . . . . 2.99 68.50 98

Since Samuel Johnson always considered Brandy the “drink for heroes,” it is quite fitting that a Cognac bear his name in appreciation of his

appreciation. It comes from the best soil of the district—the “Grande Fine Champagne”—and is well worth the $8.50 it should normally

command.

B5 MARC DE BOURGOGNE (Nuits St. Georges). . . . .... 7.29 _

Along the Cote d’Or, there exists a vineyard owner by the name of Henri Gouges who produces some of the best wine of the area, and is

known throughout France for his uncompromising ability, knowledge and honesty. The best testimony is the fact that he has been appointed

member of France’s national wine board. In addition to his making superb red wine in the vineyards that he owns in Nuits St. Georges, he

sometimes make a Marc de Bourgogne, or brandy, fo rhis own use. He has been prevailed upon to part with some, and a few cases have fia

reached the United States. It is really outstanding and the price is astonishingly low.
lave |

me Seep ye ee. COGNAC... ihe Ne 8.29 95.25 as far
In the

A superb Estate bottled Grande Fine Champagne at about the price of an ordinary Three Star Cognac. Will pass the after-dinner test fhe ck
beautifully. Normlly $8.95. the sh

Borde
B9 MIRABELLE D’ALSACE (Estate of Hess). . ....... ~~. 8.95 102.00 region
shinp
It is generally acknowledged that the best small distiller in all of Alsace is Alfred Hess. It is his ‘alcools blancs’ that are served in the great me
restaurants of France, such as the Restaurant de la Pyramide (Pointe) and Hotel de la Cote d’Or (formerly Dumaine, now the creative 28 year sila
old Minot). Remarkable for its bouquet, this extraordinary fruit brandy is made from little yellow plums, largely cultivated in his own orchard. Consu

B11 SINGLE CASK UNBLENDED COGNAC (1934 Vintage) . . . . 9.93 114.00 No,

Our last shipment got in just under the wire (or should we say ‘chicken wire’) because of the ‘chicken’ tariff increase on Cognac. From now ‘i
on our cost will be up, well over $1 a bottle, a combination of price increase and tariff increase. We own about 34 cases of this wonderful, XK
authentic, Estate bottled Cognac, and we offer it at sale prices until our inventory is exhausted. Every drop is of the 1934 vintage and has

the authority of an unblended Cognac. ne
re
B13 FRAMBOISE D’ALSACE (Estate of Hess). . . . . ... =. £4#+»1942.95 147.00 oe
x
During the slow season in his orchard, Alfred Hess followed the practice of sending his field workers by truck up the Vosges Mountains to an 2
altitude above 1500 feet to gather wild raspberries for his Framboise. A truck load of men and a day’s picking will yield very few bottles bss
because it takes 15 quarts of wild raspberries to make one bottle of Framboise. The price is not cheap—a good one costs this much in 79°
France—but it is worth it to those who appreciate the great delicacy and finesse of this remarkable distillate, colorless to the eye, but a Be
rainbow of flavor to the taste buds. a
79)
B15 GASTON BRIAND COGNAC (1906 Vintage). . . . . . . . %16.75 185.00 Fon

Fernand Pointe, at the Pyramide in Vienne, has often spoken of this Cognac—Gaston Briand’s 1906 vintage—as the best single example of

great Cognac produced in France. We are inclined to agree with him. The bottle and label are unpretentious, but the contents are a revelation
to the brandy fancier.

B17 HINE FAMILY RESERVE COGNAC a ae rey APY 19.95 227.00

Since the early 19th Century, it has been the custom of the Hine family to set aside the best Cognac produced during a particularly outstanding
year for their own use, ultimately to be served to honored guests. Only 3 years ago, and for the first time, Francois Hine, the managing
director of this venerable firm, has consented to part with a few of these treasured bottles—each is numbered and bears a back label relating
the unique history of the contents, hand signed by a director. Normally $24.75. Quantity limited.

Poge Twenty Two...
