      
 

Make your selection of wines and spirits imaginative
and exciting—choose any of these containers—add the THAT WILL ADD DISTINCTION T0 YOUR SELECTIONS

low price indicated, which is our actual cost, and in

 
   
 

many instances at least 50% below the retail price.

  
 

Our delightful “Standard Gift

Wrapping” with its joyous

 
 
  

Christmas b: Si se
Lares: & ellen size halide hristmas ball design, has been

    
 

. created to ac istinctive be:
300 ice cubes for many hours: | to add distinctive be baty

   
   
 
 
 
  
   
  
   
  
   
 
   
    
        
      
      
  
  

to your selections of wines and

1 avail. adds decorative charm to al- e-

om fe ia a ens, Can a spirits. All of the assortments on

ries, A with any number of bottles. any of these pages, or any other
tas bottles you may select, will be de-

livered in this standard gift wrap-
ping without added charge.

  

RETAILS REGULARLY AT $10.95

\twDork Daily Times

Made in New Hampshire of fine wood

Replica Front Page,
V.Y. Daily Times—Sept. 1851

with gleaming brass hoops—will lend

added charm and individuality to your
Authentic replica — conver- : ae : :

rian pi me er selection. In addition to its decorative
sa 0 pICCE < > )

sturdy steel; holds up to possibilities—ideal as log holder, plant

four bottles.

 

stand, magazine or umbrella container.

 

YOX

 

‘ler

1a

39 HOLDS UP TO EIGHT
OR MORE BOTTLES

see also Page 8

A Unique, Colorful Container
That Adds Delightful Charm
To Your Gift of Wines & Spirits...

Your selection becomes a unique, exciting gift
when presented in this metal “CELLARETTE’—
beautifully presented in full, vivid color and dig-

   
  

     
 

. aditional container at
Add gaiety, A traditional conta

shaves ana the Y uletide for wines and nified, quiet beauty.
originality to spirits; executed in sturdy Everyone will be delighted with its many after-
your liquor wicker. uses — the most original of wastepaper baskets,
gift; ideal a storage container for bottle, books, and many
container for other objects.
tl “ee to velve bo »S — 10
ee 6 BOTTLE SIZE PICK ANY 3 TO 12 BOTTLES

12 BOTTLE SIZE

RETAILS REGULARLY AT
Se TWICE THE PRICE. RETAILS REGULARLY AT $5.95

 

Twenty Seven

  
