    

The
Oldest Firm

110 JE

SHERRY
ALE, ORY, ERILLIAN

iced Bottled and Shipped by

     
    
 
 
  
  
      
    

 
  

   
  

PAD Sri?

pros in Spain

 
 
     

 
 

S AND SHIPPERS
AFRONTERA

SHERRY FIRM

i)

 
   
    
   

&

HERRY FIRS

GRE GR Dh, & *

GROW

¥

jy REZ D

 
 
 

< @ Se SE OO GO &
SC RA

   

 

Although we live in an age of constant change, ancient records indicate that the good

 

Sherry firm of J. M. Rivero has maintained quality leadership and continuity of existence

 

from the early 17th Century until today. The annals relate that a cargo of Rivero Sherry
was seized by Admiral Nelson’s officers off Trafalgar Cape. The barrels found their
way back to the House of Rivero and it is these very casks that form the basis for

some of Rivero’s world-renowned Soleras.

Candidly, we are convinced that the excellence and dedication of Rivero provides here
a most unique opportunity for the appreciative Sherry fancier to acquire some of Spain’s ro a
finest fortified wines, ranging from the bone-dry to the luxurious, dramatic Cream | Emst We
Sherry at astonishingly low prices... prices made possible only by a large-scale pur-

chase in which the savings are passed on to you. |

These Sherries normally command between $3.50 and $6.75 the bottle. Here are

sensational savings that should not be ignored.

No. Bottle Case | NEI
RIVERO’S FINO JEREZ «- . | ,

A light, dry, delicate wine; pale, straw-colored; the typical, unmistakable bouquet of a Fino, slightly reminiscent

of almonds. The aperitif wine of Spain, ideal with hors d’oeuvres. consommé. and shell fish. Serve chilled as an
interesting change from the dry Martini. | ENE

RIVERO’S ‘““TROCADERO” AMONTILLADO .

A good Amontillado develops out of the Fino family, acquiring its own unique characteristics as it matures; the

color becomes more amber-like, the flavor more nutty, and there is more depth in body. Its nearest counterpart in
our cellars commands $3.89.

REVERO’S “EAST INDIA” AMOROSO .

The East India Amoroso obtained its name from the practice in the days of sailing vessels of sending casks of
Sherry aboard ship to the East Indies and back. The saying was, “the sea-sick wines of Jerez are worth double.”
Phe color is amber and the flavor is rich and full. occupying a mid-point between dryness and sweetness.

RIVERO’S “CARRASCAL” CREAM .

The richer and older of the Olorosos bear
land and Cream Sherries are extremely p
Cream Sherry of this age and character. 1
and $6.75 the bottle.

SHERRY- LEHMANN, INC. ;
PR WINE & SPIRITS MERCHANTS :
679 Madison Ave. At 61 St., New York. N. Y. 1002] - TEmpleton 8-7500 |

 

es | NPA’

the name ‘Cream’ Sherry. This concept was developed in Bristol, Eng- \ AU
opular throughout the English-speaking world, particularly in the U.S.
nedium dry and dramatically rich, generally commands between $4.85

 

 
