 
  
   
 
  
  
    
   
  
  
   
 
  
   
 
     
    

rom@p Tw

The name of Wisdom & Warter, now a century old, has been a familiar part of
my upbringing for more years than | care to remember. It was my grandfather's
custom to serve Wisdom’s Fino or Amontillado each evening. | have recently
retasted each of these Sherries. | can only report that the high opinion held in

my youth was entirely confirmed.

Candidly, | am quite convinced that this is one of the most unique opportunities
since repeal to acquire Spain’s very finest (not their ordinary) wines... these
prices have been made possible only by a gigantic acquisition and the entire
savings are being passed on to you. There is not a Sherry in the entire lot which
would not be good value even if it sold for $3.00 the bottle, the average price
that has prevailed for the wines of Wisdom & Warter during recent years.

Kenneth Dean
Wine Consultant

 

*K ._A® ormer
Almost DRices:

 

No Bottle Case

Oe eo TINO PALMA at er Os a

A magnificent example of bone dry, pale, straw colored Sherry. This classic “Fino Palma” has helped Wisdom &
Warter achieve its great international reputation, now a century old. An ideal aperitif when served slightly chilled.
The equal of many Finos that command $3.00 or more the bottle.

$2 WISDOM’S ROYAL BROWN OLOROSO .....

There are few wines produced in the world that quite achieve the rich, deep flavor, or dark color depth of a fine
srown Sherry. Here is a typical, fully aged example. Highly recommended between meals with fruit, nuts or
cake, or as an after-dinner dessert wine.

52 WIS OMS AMUNIILEAWO. TINO uo. eo

As this name implies, a good Amontillado belongs to the Fino family, but they acquire certain different characteristics
as they mature; the color becomes more amber-like. As in the Finos, they are very dry, more nutty in flavor and
develop greater body. Here is a perfect example of fine Amontillado that normally commands well over $3.00 the
bottle. : vue

BA WV ea VE OWHOUIN CREAN os Gi oe es

Generally speaking, a top-flight Cream Sherry such as this is the oldest and most luxurious of the wines found in
> 2 10% , > > ] ‘ r ‘ ; > s : ’ Bing , t

the sodegas of Jerez. Usually, a fine Cream Sherry of a reputable firm commands $5.00 or more the bottle. It is

no ordinary event to obtain this medium dry, dramatically rich, wine for only $2.49. We urge that you try it

Thirty
