    
     
     
     

+»

ce

5, ’
A
eo,
< Fhe pennant stinaiett |

RED WINES

277 CLOS DE VOUGEOT 1957
Estate bottled, Moillard. A classic red wine from the
Clos Vougeot vineyard—the largest and most famous
Clos of Burgundy.

 
 
 
   

  

sph =e ee si

Con SAUMUR

he L OORE Valle

  
      
 
 
  
 
   
  
 
  
    
   
  
  
    
    
 
   
   
 
 
   
 
  
 
  
 
  
  
      
   
 
 

204. BONNES MARES 1957

Estate bottled, Roumier. M. Roumier, Mayor of

 

We quote Frank Schoonmaker on his return from France this Spring, ff Chambolle-Musigny, is one of the great wine makers
ie . : See ay : of Burgundy who achieved unusual heights with this
a > mi é asted in the Loire Valley, perhaps the J g

Of the many wines that I tasted 1 v1 I Saavari wile Tonnes Mares:

most interesting were those that I discovered in the town of Cham-
pigny, the home of the famous French Cavalry School. Here are WHITE WINES
delightful, fragrant wines that are remarkably inexpensive consider- a

ing their fruit, breed and class.
ad . nn = T 5° = ay
Here are delightful 1959 wines a3 Lees fase NON ae s
; = oo a istate bottled, J. Bavard. , elegant—quite e
teau Pas de Loup. You can choose among the red, white same league with the best of the Montrachets.

or pink at only $1.59 the bottle, $17.95 the case.

= T T Tg =
354 SAUMUR BLANC 1959
Not unlike the Pouilly Fumé or Vouvray in character.
Fruity, dry, without being bone dry, fresh, pale and
attractive. One of the most outstanding values in the

all estate bottled at Cha-

 

553 CHATEAU D’YQUEM 1955
As a wine name, Cha‘eau d’Yquem represents the
ultimate—rich, full, and the most glorious of the i
sweet wines of Sauternes. This price is nothing short
of sensational since it normally commands over $7
the bottle.

  
  
  
  
   
   
  
  
 
   
 
  
   
 
 
 
   

way of white French wine presently available.

361 SAUMUR ROSE 1959
Made from the Cabernet Franc grape, recalls an ex-
tremely fine Cabernet Rose d’Anjou, but has a little
more breed and is a bit drier. Quite pale, nice fruit.

476 SAUMUR CHAMPIGNY ROUGE 1959
Like a rather light red wine of Chinon, with the fruit
and charm of the Beaujolais. A special, almost rasp-
berry fragrance, and a soft, light freshness. een

YouR Choit= s
- 4 59 BOTTI 4 722 « ASE

502 MEURSAULT, CLOS DES
PERRIERES, 1957
Estate bottled, Grivault. Many authorities consider
Clos des Perrieres the best single vineyard of
Meursault. A consistent favorite among fanciers of
great white Burgundies.

259 CORTON CHARLEMAGNE 1957
Estate bottled, Domaine du Martray. The white
wines from the Corton Charlemagne vineyard are
among the noblest of France. Hard to come by and
can be classed with the great Montrachets

ASSORT ANY 12 BOMLES Al $17.95 THE CASE.

   
 

a

    
   
  

EUROPE’S MOST REMARKABLE
KIRSCH and FRAMBOISE

 

  
  
   
 
 

‘a9”>

Case

KIRSCH 10.70

The wild cherries from which this Kirsch is made must be gathered

at an altitude above 1000 feet in order to achieve the proper flavor.

WHITE WINES

DOTTNAEHNUEALL

The ordinary commercial Kirsch bears no comparison.

FRAMBOISE i 3 g ad 519 BATARD MONTRACHET 1958
sda oe 2 3 eve oD Estate bottled, J. Monnot. Here, one of France's
F : % noblest white wine vineyards in the hands of a mastet!
We often hear stories of the remarkable Frambotse that was found grower, M. Monnot, has vielded one of the most

in the home of the Mayor or local Curé of one of the small towns in remarkable white Burgundies we have ever tasted

Alsace. Candidly, no matter how remote the source, we doubt any

CLOS BLANC DE VOUGEOT 1958
Estate bottled, L’Heritier-Guyot. A small portion of
A aia ratte) the Clos Vougeot vineyard, famous for its red wines,
raspberries. Usually, at the end of the day, they do not come down is dedicated to the production of this remarkable
to the distillery with more than 100 pounds of this precious, elusive dry white Burgundy. A classic in finesse and bouquet

“~
vl
~]

are the equal of this one. Mr. Hess’s truck and men ascend the
mountains to an altitude well beyond 1500 feet to pick the wild

fruit. It takes 15 pounds to make one bottle

Page Twenty-Eight...
