  

 

 

 

 
  
   
 
 
 

 

 
  
 
  

UL
aaa
BAS

Recommended to those
accustomed to paying
over $5 a bottle for a
‘Spanish Fino’ and over
$7 for ‘Spanish Cream
} sherry.’

ontina..._ Here are some of the
myeae-s» Dest Sherries produced
in Spain from the ven-
erable house of J. M.
RIVERO, the oldest
Sherry firm in all Spain,
established during the
early 17th century.

  
 

v FIRM IN SPAM

Cdl

  

DON'T LET THESE LOW PRICES DISSUADE YOU

We are convinced that the ex-
cellence and dedication of the
historic firm of J. M. Rivero
provides here a unique op-
portunity for the appreciative
Sherry fancier to acquire
some of Spain's finest forti-
fied wines at prices that are
not simply low — but aston-
allah acre,

Whether you select ‘Fino
Jerez’, with its typical bou-
quet and pale color — or the
majestic ‘1805 Solera’ which
iS Alea ula)
examples of truly aged, full
flavored Sherries in existence,
you will be experiencing ‘the
best of class’ and at a cost
that would even delight a
thrifty Spaniard who under-
Stands Sherries and their
true value.

If you wish to experiment
among these Sherries and
still enjoy case price savings,
you can mix an assortment of
any twelve bottles listed here.

 

Here are the Greatest Sherries of Spain
From the Oldest Sherry House in Jerez

No. Bottle Case
1239. RIVERO’S FINO JEREZ...) ee 37,70

A light, dry, delicate wine; pale, straw-colored; the typical, unmistakable bouquet of a Fino, slightly reminiscent
of almonds. The aperitif wine of Spain, ideal with hors d’oeuvres, consommé, and shell fish. Serve chilled as an

interesting change from the dry Martini.
1236 RIVERO’S “TROCADERO” AMONTILLADO 3.79 40.95

A good Amontillado develops out of the Fino family, acquiring its own unique characteristics as it matures; the
color becomes more amber-like, the flavor more nutty, and there is more depth in body. Its nearest counterpart in

our cellars commands over $5.00.
12358 RIVERO’S “CARRASCAL” CREAM |... 4.90 53.90

The richer and older of the Olorosos bear the name ‘Cream’ Sherry. This concept was developed in Bristol,
England and Cream Sherries are extremely popular throughout the English-speaking world, particularly in the
U.S. Cream Sherry of this age and character, medium dry and dramatically rich, generally commands between

$5.95 and $7.75 the bottle.
1240 RIVERO’S FINO MANTECOSO. ... =—=«=«—s- 4-90 53.90

The lightest of all sherries, dry, crisp, definitely an appetizer —a byword in Spain where it is also extremely

popular with the younger set.
1241 RIVERO’S:DRY OLOROSO . . 53.90

A special blending of very fine sherries incorporating the traditional Sweet Oloroso characteristics with very dry

wines. A fascinating wine of good bouquet and flavor, perfect for modern tastes.
1242 RIVERO’S TRAFALGAR 1805 (Solera Vieja) . 8.95 96.65

Dark, golden sherry with great body, medium dry. A collector’s item, bottled from the original soleras established
with the barrels seized by the British at Trafalgar and bought back by Rivero in public auction at Tarifa in 1805.
Because the date ‘1805’ appears on the label and because the recipient will find this one of the most excellent
Sherries he has ever tasted, “TRAFALGAR 1805’ lends itself to being a most exciting gift to add a ‘sense of
history’ to the Yuletide festivities.

11

 
 
       

 

   
  
  
    
    
   
   
    
   
 
  
  
   
