State

 

 

 

City.

 

 

 

 

 

 

The Champagne House of Perrier-Jouet was founded in 1811, in the
middle of the Napoleonic Wars. By the mid-1850s, the firm already had a
highly distinguished clientele, which included Napoleon III] and Queen
Victoria. Perrier-Jouet has always maintained its small size, specializing in
first-class Champagnes only.

Perrier-Jouet is perhaps best known for their exquisite hand-painted
‘flower bottle’ which holds the finest reserves of the firm’s famed Cham-
pagnes. To celebrate the success of its unique floral design, Perrier-Jouet has
gone a step further—they have designed a beautiful Champagne cooler with
matching stemware to accompany their famous bottle. The charming motif
is enamelled by hand, and oven-baked to bring out all the nuances of that
age-old process. The white petals are tinged with pink, and gold-leaf en-
circles both petals and stem. The ‘art nouveau’ look is beautifully brought
to flower here.

THE PERRIER-JOUET CHAMPAGNE COOLER is molded from

the same traditional heavy green glass as is used for the classic bottles of

Champagne. $39.00
THE PERRIER-JOUET CHAMPAGNE GLASSES are crystal

clear, with the same floral motif. Packaged in sets of six, in handsome satin-lined

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

You will be informed of any delay ne Ls
over 30 days in shipping. Our ful- New York State Sales Tax
fillment warehouse is located at 92 (if delivered in NYS.)
North 12th Street, Brooklyn, New Shipping Charges (if any)
York 11211. See box to the right

 

GRAND TOTAL

 
 

 

 

 

giftbox. $49.00, set of 6
CONVENIENT ORDER FORM Cut out and mail to: WINE CAVES, Inc. 92 North 12th Street, Brooklyn, New York 11211.
(Please print) _) Check or money order enclosed in the amount of $ made payable to
Your Name Wine Caves, Inc. (Sorry, no C.O.D.s)
Address We honor L] Master Card L} VISA |] American Express Validation Date_
Minimum order of $35 for all charge card purchases Expiration Date_
Account * Cee ero | Interbank Number_ Sie
(MIC only)
Telephone * ( ) Signature (required if using credit card)_ is
Gift Please give name and address
Item Pkg. Total for each item to be shipped Gift Card Message—
Description Price | ($1.00) | Charge to an address other than your own. Please type or print.
TO
AT.
CIEY.
_STATE i, Zk
TO
AT.
CUIGY.
Pe aa, sects
TO
Al
CEIPY,
; ; STAT Ro os iP ee iG Spe ge vee cure
TO
AT.
Cliley:
CA STATE. ZIP_ : eh
TO
Al
CITY.
STATE See

 

Shipping Terms —

. For any order below $25: add $2 shipping charges,

   

   
  
 

Do

continental U.S.: add $2 per rack. (No Charge, however,
for shipments within New York, New Jersey and Connecticut.)
. For each La Cave Wine Storage Unit: add $40 shipping charge

wn

   
  
      

shipping charges to all other areas.

 

 

. For each Sherry-Lehmann ‘Chateau Wine Rack’ shipped within the

within New York, New Jersey and Connecticut. Please consult us for
