     
  
  
 
 
 
  
   
  
   
 
     
     
   
  
   
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
   

S|

$2

$3

$4

Choose among them.

Page Ten...

No.

At prices that will cheer a Parisian

These gay, light-hearted wines, bottled
proudly at a vineyard on the Sonoma hill-
sides, make no more pretentions to great-
ness than the cheerful little country wines
of France. Like these, they are fresh, clean
and satisfying wines such as can be found
in many of France’s country inn cellars;
and they are without label or date, but
none-the-less, good. Our ST. MICHEL
wines are available in the economic Gallon
size; the more modest %4 Gallon quantity;

From |
@e
Spain - Upe hs
The name of Wisdom & Warter, now over a
century old, has long been respected for the mag-
nificent quality of their Sherries within Spain
and throughout the world. Here is a unique oppor-

tunity to acquire some of Spain’s finest Sherries
at dramatically low cost.

WISDOM’S SHERRIES
Bottle Case
WHSDONTS FINO'PAIMA. . . .. .:. 2 259 7.95

A magnificent example of bone dry, pale, straw colored Sherry. This classic “Fino Palma” has helped Wisdom &
Warter achieve its great international reputation, now a century old. An ideal aperitif when served slightly chilled.

The equal of many Finos that command $3.00 or more the bottle.
1.79 19.95

WISDOM’S ROYAL BROWN OLOROSO .. ..:—..

There are few wincs produced in the world that quite achieve the rich, deep flavor, or dark color depth of a fine
Brown Sherry. Here is a typical, fully aged example. Highly recommended between meals with fruit, nuts or

cake, or as an after-dinner dessert wine.
WISDOM’S AMONTILLADO FINO ..... 1.99 22.65

As this name implies, a good Amontillado belongs to the Fino family, but they acquire certain different character-
istics as they mature; the color becomes more amber-like. As in the Finos, they are very dry, more nutty in flavor
and develop greater body. Here is a perfect example of fine Amontillado that normally commands well over $3.00

the bottle.
WISDOM’S GOLDEN CREAM. ..... . 249 27.95

Generally speaking, a top-flight Cream Sherry such as this is the oldest and most luxurious of the wines found in
the Bodegas of Jerez. Usually, a fine Cream Sherry of a reputable firm commands $5.00 or more the bottle. It is
no ordinary event to obtain this medium dry, dramaticafly rich, wine for only $2.49. We urge that you try it.

    
  

SALE PRICE

THE MOST CHEERFUL

et. Michel

Your Choice of
Red =White = Pink
roe GALLON
Ye GALLON

$q°9 $4 275 Case of 8

 

$99 $] | Case of 4

oft at 1963 was a d
(, Ellon and Pome
al rasmably good
i body and color,
tv Modoc, What has
id eat The pleas
he realy goe Up
ean market, and th
ih evel demanded
(ts have become fi

  
  
