_A SPECIAL PRE-HOLIDAY REPORT

Prepared For

Mr. Roy P. Brady

By SHERRY WINE & SPIRITS CO, ,INC.
4 OY / 4 { \
This report is being mailed in limited quantity to those of our clientele whom

we believe would want to know about unusual wines and spirits that may have

exceptional appeal - because they are new, intriguing arrivals, rare and unique,
or simply because they represent such outstanding values.

If you are presently searching for a Christmas gift that shows special thought
in selection, we are certain you will find several dramatic and exciting gift

possibilities here. Since some of these offerings are available only in limited

quantity, this advance notice will give you a first Opportunity to make a proper
selection.

COGNAC 'S GREATEST TREASURE ARRIVES!

Here is truly great Cognac - a survivor from the 19th Century that is part of the
small family reserve that was only used by the Hine family to honor their guests
and was never commercially available before. The number of bottles shipped

to the United States to take care of holiday demands is under 300.

Each handsome bottle bears a distinguished engraved label proudly indicating
the name HINE FAMILY RESERVE. The back label is hand-signed by the head of
the firm and above his personal signature appears this statement:- "Since the
early 19th Century it has been the custom of our family to set aside one or more
hogsheads for our own personal use. This custom, faithfully pursued from
generation to generation, has yielded us a tiny, but precious reserve, which,
in our opinion, undoubtedly is the most treasured Cognac obtainable today".

"Family Reserve" commands $24.75 the bottle - but this magnificent brandy is
well worth it. Soon it will be gone, so we suggest you order early and make
certain that you obtain some for your holiday dinner parties or as the most
exceptional of Christmas gifts.

SCOTCH WHISKY Bottle Case
a rs
DOUGLAS "BOARD MEMBER'S CHOICE" 4.59 54295
Here is a ‘familiar friend' , but it deserves inclusion here because undoubtedly
it is the best Scotch for the money available in New York.

FORTNUM & MASON'S RED SEAL 9.99 68.50
We are convinced, based on comparative tastings, that this whisky from the
impeccable firm of Fortnum & Mason in London will stand up against, or
surpass, most Scotches that sell for over $7 the bottle. A superb harmony of
bouquet and flavor.

CORNEY & BARROW 8 YEAR OLD 6.99 79.95
We only tasted this whisky for the first time during early November and were
amazed by its lightness, delicacy, and balance - a true discovery! We
suspect that once you try it you will ultimately become a consistent user.

BARRISTER'S CHOICE 12 YEAR OLD Veke 88.00
Our tasters feel that this whisky, in its handsome square bottle with its
delightful picturesque label, is the best single example of 12 Year Old Scotch
Whisky presently available. It is priced at about $1.00 the bottle less than

its contemporaries of the same age.

SHERRY WINE & SPIRITS CO, ,INC.,
679 Madison Avenue, New York, 21, N.Y., TEmpleton 8-7500

 
