  

even a moderately good cook can reap
great rew ards and compliments from his
guests because the appetite iS whetted
and everyone trom childhood to hoary
old age loves a picnic.

Also wonderful is the fact that the host
can prepare all of the food in advance
let everyone help himself, and enjoy
the anxiety-free pleasure of being a guest

at one’s own party. Be it Fontainbleau

or Bear Mountain, the foods that are

 

best on such occasions are cold meats,
] ]

poultry, pates, vegetables (cooked and

raw), fresh fruit, cheese, good crusty

bread, sweet fresh butter, and a goodly

supply of good honest wine to accompany

these gifts of nature. Among my favorites

are cold roast squab, cold sliced roast pork

with horseradish sauce, cold sliced pot
roast, salade nicoise, hard boiled eggs,

country pate, and vegetables in season a
la Greque. I give below the recipes for
three of these. They are not difficult to
prepare, and are designed to win the
plaudits of appreciative and hungry ap-

petites.
COUNTRY PATE

This is the kind of lusty, heart-warming
paté you will find as you travel through
France and eat at its small country inns.
It lends itself to ready slicing but a word
of advice—this recipe makes 3 quarts,
therefore, for convenience and to avoid

waste, I suggest you make it in one quart

molds

 

Paula Peck, whom I consider one of

America’s leading creative cooks, has
shared many a culinary and dining exper-
ience with me in Europe, as well as Amer-
ica. I believe her version of Frances
country paté is one of the best I have
come across. Its merits have also been
recognized by the New York Times, who
sang its praises several months ago in the

Sunday Magazine Section.

COUNTRY PATE
A LA PAULA PECK
114 lbs. fresh pork fat
1 lb. boneless veal
1 Lb. boneless pork shoulder
1 lb. ham
Vo lb. chr ken li ETS
8 cloves garlu
l4 cup heavy cream
3 eggs
ly cup Logna
4 teaspoons salt
he ASPOONS U hite pepper
LY teaspoon allspice
ly teaspoon cinnamon
ly cup flour
Slice 14 Ib. of the pork fat thinly. Finely
grind 14 of the remaining pork fat with
all the veal and pork shoulder. Line mold
or molds with thin slices of pork fat, let
ting ends hang over sides of pan. Grind

the ham and remaining pork fat with the

 

coarse blade of the meat grinder or dice

finely with a sharp knife. In an electric
blender. puree chicken livers with garlic
cream, eggs and Cognac. Gradually add
to blender about % of the ground, real
pink mixture. Now, combine in a bowl
all the chopped and pureed meats and add
seasonings and flour. Mix well. Fill mold
with pate-mixture and fold overhanging
pork strips over top. Cover tightly with
double thickness of aluminum foil. Place
mold in a pan of water and bake at 400
degrees F. for 4 hours. Remove from

oven, weight down, and cool

   

VEGETABLES IN SEASON
A LA GREQUE

What is delightful about this dish is that
it utilizes all the vegetables that are avail-
able wherever you happen to be. A com-
bination for a summer picnic might go
something like this sliced eggplant,
onions. zucchini, carrots, tomatoes. shred-
ded cabbage, cut string beans, and some
seedless white grapes left whole.

Into a fairly deep, oven-proof dish plac
a layer of one kind of vegetable, spoon
over this some olive oil, sprinkle with
salt and freshly ground pepper, then add

a layer of shredded cabbage, then another

 

vegetable, all the while spooning olive
oil and seasoning. The seasoning will con
ist of salt and pepper, oregano, fresh basil
and a touch of sugar on the layer of
tomatoes. Keep alternating layers of vege-
tables and sprinkling throughout until
you reach the top of the casserole. Be par
ticularly careful about making the top
layer look attractive, because this is what
the viewer will see when he is about to
eat the dish.

Place uncovered dish into a 350 degree F
oven and bake until the vegetables be
come soft (Be careful not to overcook )
Cool and spoon Off any excess oil. This
can be carried along to the picnic in the
same container in which it was baked
Just open the casserole and let everyone

dig in

HARD BOILED EGGS

Not long ago I experienced a most glort
ous lunch on the terrace of a French Em
bassy and the hit of the buftet they
disappeared in copious quantities—were
the hard-boiled eggs. True they were
dipped in fresh thyme—but thyme or no,
one thing is certain—the hard boiled egg
can hold its head high to the true lover of
fine food even when surrounded by Gal
lantine, truffled pate and Lobster Belle
vue. As for me, I am not sure I wouldn't
reach for the hard-boiled egg first, pro-
vided there is some coarse salt handy. |
will not give you a recipe for hard-boiled

eggs but leave it to your own devices

 

 
