   
 

‘After the cool ocean freshness of the
oysters, nothing is more heartwarming
to the digestion than a clear and wonder-
ful consommé which, incidently is a
bow to tradition. It should not be a
doctored consommé, but a pure essence
of the Turkey, simply seasoned with the
demanding flavor of the bird crisply
and clearly breaking through in all its
vigor. I know that many of you feel that
the Turkey is a dull bird, but with the
first tablespoon of this essence, I will
lay odds that you will change your

mind. It is an amazingly simple soup
to prepare, requiring a little bit of time
and patience and practically no work.
The easy recipe appears below and. this
soup in its simple dignity. calls for a
happy mate. Nothing would go with it
better than a fine old 1830 Sercial
Solera Madeira, the driest grape of them
all which harmonizes with the con-
sommé. This Madeira, or its equivalent,
may have inspired Shakespeare to write
some of his best sonnets. One must
slowly savor the soup, then the wine,
then the soup separately to get the
maximum sensuous pleasure out of this

course.

Editor’s Note: The 1830 Sercial
Solera Madeira is dramatic to the palate,
still vibrant with life despite its age, and
will conjure up pictures of Thomas
leflerson and Andrew Jackson as you
drink it. We do not have many bottles.
They cost $24.00 each. As a less expen-
sive alternative. we suggest the Rain
water Madeira of St. Edmund Hall in
the University of Oxford. which is avail-
able at the astonishingly low cost of onl)

$3 79 the bottle.

“As the ‘piece de resistance,’ simple
as it may sound, I know of few dishes
that have the drama and rich taste sen-
sensation that a properly aged Saddle of
Venison, well prepared can provide
especially at the Christmas dinner where
we are looking for out-of-the-ordinary
repast. The trick is to get good venison
—and it is not easy. I know of one man
who will not let you down. He is Mr.
Kaufman, the proud and knowledgable
proprietor of the Maryland Market at
412 Amsterdam Avenue, New York City.
His phone number is LY 5-1223 and |
suggest you phone and ask for him per-
sonally, describing your problem and
asking his advice. He is a man worth
listening to. Mr. Kaufman also tells me
that he delivers everywhere in the Met-
ropolitan area, so even if you live in
Long Island or Westchester, it will get to
you provided you give enough notice.
Incidentally, perfect venison does not
cost much more than many of the usual
meats served at home throughout the
vear. See to it that the rack is tied to-
sether at the end side of the loin and
the fillet is left intact. In this fashion.
along the top of the Saddle, you can
when you have carved the long slices
then invert the meat, remove the fillets.
and slice those for the guests as well.

‘Tl have done a lot of experimentation
for proper accompaniment to venison
and, in my opinion, nothing goes better
than a fine purée of chestnuts and
braised romaine both perfect foils for

the meat.

 

EXCITING NEWS

“Despite the rich taste of this game
meat, there is enough depth of flavor,
lusciousness and richness in Chamber-
tin 1952 of Paul Bouchard to meet the
challenge, and in the opinion of some of
mv guests. to even overcome it—no easy
task for any wine! I almost forgot
there should be a garniture with the ven-
ison—tiny onions, braised and blended
with mushrooms and bits of tried out
pork. The juices—and they are elorious

-should merely be the pan juices from
the roasting process itself.”

Editor’s Note: The Chambertin 1952
of Paul Bouchard is an authentic sur-
vivor of the great 1952 vintage of the
Cote d’Or. It is the kind of great old
Burgundy that would not be easy to find
in the Inns and restaurants along the
vineyard road between Dijon and Lyon.
Here is one of the greatest red Burgun-
dies in our Armory and one of the most
dramatic red wines you could
possibly serve for your Christmas din-
ner. In our opinion, it is a bargain at
$13.25 the bottle, $143.10 the case and
for those who want old Burgund)
and prefer to pay less, we boldly and
unhesitatingly recommend the Beaune
Bressandes 1952 of Roger Duchet, the
former Mavor of Beaune. The price’
only $6.99 the bottle, $75.50 the case.

“The next choice in the dinner is quite
obvious—there almost seems to be no
alternative. The meal now calls for a
perfect and whole ripe Brie cheese in
runny condition. I think the best you
can do is to get in touch with Mr. Gum-
pert, the food buyer at Bloomingdale’s
and he will reserve one for you, and
there is Maryland Market on the West
Side or if you live Downtown, the Vil
lage Cheese Shop does a suprisingly
sood job. Remember, a good Brie must

but not over runny oI!

be soft, runny,
over ripe; it must be free of that un
pleasant ammonia odor which is th
mark of a Brie being over the hill. If
Brie is not your dish, try a fine Roque
fort, which co-shares the heights of fine
cheese eating. The Chateau Lafite Roths-
child 1948 is a claret lover’s dream. |
have rarely tasted claret as great or as
perfect.”

FOR AMATEUR CHEFS WHO WANT TO PREPARE CREATIVE FOOD AT LOWER COST!

Simon & Schuster are about to announce the publication of a book on food preparation and the buying and
serving of wines and spirits that promises to be a classic in its field. The title is “HOW TO EAT BETTER FOR
LESS MONEY — AND A GUIDE TO WINES AND SPIRITS.” The co-authors are familiar to most of you.
They are JAMES BEARD, considered America’s leading food authority, and SAM AARON, President of
Sherry-Lehmann, Inc., the consulting editor of the Alec Waugh book “Wines and Spirits’ recently pub-
lished by Time-Life Books, Inc. and wine writer for House & Garden.

The book will be dramatically illustrated by Milton Glaser, an artist who has achieved great renown on
the current scene. If all goes well, their advice on how to prepare classic dishes at lower cost, and how to
acquire good wines and spirits for less than you are paying now — should appear in the form of a hand-
some tome at your favorite book store about Easter time in 1970. And appropriately enough, particularly
in light of the title, the publishers assure us that this volume will not be too costly.

4

4049 A

hh |

268

34

381

cr >
re
ow

Ad

 
