BOLLINGER
¥a. iI.

prarve4t g BOWELS

BoLINGER SOLLINGER
epee Sinlig!
ap 198, ce

Da

(wit )

 

Madame Jacques Bollinger Sends us the Rare Sparkling
|! Jewels of her Family’s Firm

A venerable and vivacious lady — the Grande Dame of all The wonderful wines that we are honored to present here de-
Champagne—presides over one of the world’s most esteemed serve consideration as Christmas gifts. Every wine-lover re-
wine-makers. She is Madame Jacques Bollinger, guiding spirit ceiving one of these distinguished bottles in its handsome

of the small family firm that year after year produces an un- box knows he has been presented with a wine that can make
equalled array of top-flight Champagne. Because Bollinger

a serious bid to be the greatest Champagne of France. The
production is relatively small, each cuvée, each bottle can

special cuvée, the non-vintage brut, the 1970, and the extra-
benefit from loving attention impossible at larger concerns. ordinary R. D. 1966, all represent remarkable value.

Bin
152 RPTEIAL CU Ver GRO. 6 es ee ea ee

The very Champagne favored by many English wine connoisseurs.
Bone dry, much finesse. And a particularly good price for wine of

this character and background. Also available in halves, splits, and
magnums.

Bottle Case
9.95 107.46

qk WE OO ge a 13.90

Superb example of Bollinger’s skill for making singular vintage
Champagne. This from the greatest Champagne harvest in a dozen

years—1970. Also available in halves, magnums and giant six-bottle
jeroboam size.

150.12

S16 St OT WINING 1906. a a re 45.95

The initials R. D. stand for récemment dégorgée — ‘recently dis-
gorged,’ meaning that the wine was allowed to rest with its original
sediment for a longer than usual period. Only this year were a few
precious bottles of the great 1966 cleared of their lees and made
ready for export. This costly process imparts an extra measure of

depth and roundness to an already celebrated Champagne. Impres-
32 sively presented in handsome wooden case. .

172.26

 

 

 
