    
  
    
 
   
    
  
   
   
   
  
   
  
    
    

Until Monday, Aug. 31

These are not ordinary
Sherries produced by a lesser
firm of Jerez. They are the
proud, fully matured, and
carefully selected Sherries of
the venerable house of Rivero
— the oldest Sherry firm of
all Spain, established during
the early 17th Century.

From J.M. Rivero — The Oldest Firm in Spain

These prices already reflect amazing value
DEDUCT 10% FROM PRICES LISTED BELOW — until August 31st.

Special Note: If you buy in bottle units, deduct 10% from the bottle price — if you buy in case units, deduct 10% from the case price.

No. Bottle Case
1235 RIVERO’S FINO JEREZ .

A light, dry, delicate wine; pale, straw-colored; the typical, unmistakable bouquet of a Fino, slightly reminiscent
of almonds. The aperitif wine of Spain, ideal with hors d’oeuvres, consommé, and shell fish. Serve chilled as an
interesting change from the dry Martini.

1236 RIVERO’S *TROCADERO” AMONTILLADO .

A good Amontillado develops out of the Fino family, acquiring its own unique characteristics as it matures; the
color becomes more amber-like, the flavor more nutty, and there is more depth in body. Its nearest counterpart in
our cellars commands $3.89.

1237 RIVEROS EASE INDIA AbTOR@S® .

The East India Amoroso obtained its name from the practice in the days of sailing vessels of sending casks of
Sherry aboard ship to the East Indies and back. The saying was, “the sea-sick wines of Jerez are worth double.
The color is amber and the flavor is rich and full, occupying a mid-point between dryness and sweetness.

1253. RIVERO’S “CARRAS@AL CREAM -

The richer and older of the Olorosos bear the name ‘Cream’ Sherry. This concept was developed in Bristol, Eng-
land and Cream Sherries are extremely popular throughout the English-speaking world, particularly in the U.S.

: : ; cat oa
Cream Sherry of this age and character, medium dry and dramatically rich, generally commands between $4.85

and $6.75 the bottle.

1238 RIVERO’S FINO MANTECOSO :
The lightest of all sherries, dry, crisp, definitely an appetizer — a byword in Spain where it is also extremely
popular with the younger set.

’
1239 RIVEROS DRY OLOROSO- =
A special blending of very fine sherries incorporating the traditional Sweet Oloroso characteristics with very dry
wines. A fascinating wine of good bouquet and flavor, perfect for modern tastes.

1240 RIVERO’S TRAFALGAR 1805 (Solera Vieja)

Dark, golden sherry with great body, medium dry. A collector’s item, bottled from the original OS ae
with the barrels seized by the British at Trafalgar and bought back by Rivero in public auction at Larifa in d.

21
