 
    

 

the
Ntly
rely
you

ase

2.30
een
lane
\ the
yard
ties,

1.96

nca,

70
it of
our,
ville

70
ame
and
Ittle

.95

its

75
aut
the
yrth
the
ally
rine

34
ting
vith

.90

tur-
yuld
nal.

50
low
ines
hen
fite
and
you
igh.

NEWS! THE FIRST 1969 BEAUJOLAIS
~ ARRIVES IN NEW YORK HARBOR!

Be The First On Your Block
To Enjoy The Fruity Charm
Of This Outstanding
Beaujolais Brouilly 1969

 

   

  

      
 
 
   

Wi

THIS 1969 BEAJOLAIS BROUILLY, which has just arrived
in New York on the S.S. Lancer, is the proud estate-bottled La Margutes de Railav de Slee Bl
wine grown at Chateau de la Chaize, one of the noblest and Beaujolais vineyard as she is in the salons of Paris society.
most highly regarded vineyards of all of Beaujolais. Here is Here, she is busily engaged in supervising a truck about to
wine bottled within four months of grape picking—the kind depart to make the S.S.Lancer, bringing its cargo of charm-
of Beaujolais that they are drinking in Paris today. The ing Chateau de la Chaize to the United States.

reward in young Beaujolais is great—for it is rich in fruit—

reminiscent of a grape arbor, and, like a “pretty young girl WE THEREFORE URGE that you order now to avoid
from the farm,” it can be enjoyed NOW during its youth. disappointment due to prior sale and be ‘the first on

But, unlike the ordinary Beaujolais, which has little life your block’ to taste the 1969 estate-bottled Beaujolais,
expectancy, this superb example will not only delight you the best Beaujolais year since :

   
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
   
 
   
  
   
   
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 

 

today, but will continue to intrigue you for at least the next 1961. You will be delighted with
three or four years. the wine, its complexity, engag- . 7 9
ing charm, and you will delight | ITE
THE CHATEAU DE LA CHAIZE vineyard, in the famed in sharing this rewarding ex-
wine growing district of Brouilly, has been maintained, perience with friends who ap- $2995
from father to son, for over four centuries by the Marquis preciate the most beloved red one
de Roussy de Sales family. Tradition dictates that they never wine of France.
compromise with dedication and excellence. AVAILABLE IN HALF BOTTLES AT $1.54 Ea., $32.95 Case
For those who want the big, impressive Magnums, they are
THE MARQUIS DE SALES iw a Director of Christian Dior. available at $6.16 the Magnum, $32.95 the case of 6.

spending nearly every week end with his charming wife,
Nicole, in the Beaujolais district cultivating the vine.

During the 1968 vintage, they won the Gold Award at the A PLEASANT GASTRONOMIC NOTE
Paris Fair for the best example of Brouilly produced during A BEAUJOLAIS FESTIVAL will take place during
that year. However, Marquis de Sales considers his 1969 the entire month of March at the famed LUTECE
much fuller, better balanced, deeper in flavor and destined RESTAURANT under the expert guidance of the
to live considerably longer. proprietors, André Surmain and André Soltner,
who has recently won in open competition the
coveted award, ‘‘First Chef of France.’’ Each day,
s ; at lunch, throughout March, there will be a dif-
A WORD OF ADVICE, Our first shipment of this truly ferent regional food speciality of Beaujolais that
remarkable Brouilly 1969 is not very large and will only will be featured. The wine that will be proudly
be reaching our cellars about February 15th. Based on pre- featured is—BROUILLY, CHATEAU DE LA CHAIZE,
vious response, we know it will surely be depleted rapidly, 1362. Pong Plas <a
: : . ; suggested.
and our next shipment will not reach us until sometime
in April.

 

 

QHERRY-LEHMANN, INC,
WINE & SPIRITS MERCHANTS
679 Madison Ave.-At 61 St. New York. N. Y. 10021 - POST yar. 8-7500
