   
 

|

/ 3-JACK DANIEL’
in Frontier Chest

 
 
 
 
   
   
 
  
 
  
      
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
 

 

It was the simple faith of Lem Motlow, and his sons, who started the JACK DANIEL
Bottle Distillery in Tennessee, back in the 19th Century, that has brought it a place of high
2.55 leadership among the premium bourbons of America. They simply believed that if they
could make the best whiskey they could, even if it was expensive, people would buy it.

you Can f ; ° endo .
| Se¢ Te Their little distillery at Lynchburg continues to have its ducks waddle, its horses pull
Ut Italy wagons, its laborers stack ricks and chop down hard maple trees.

2.79

aul

is tee As Christmas came nearer, and most distilleries sought out glittering gift wraps, the
® Leatyy Jack Daniel people looked in their own backyard, the Tennessee woods, for their
inspiration. They liked the smell and look of the local wood and decided ie build a
2,89 crude, primitive, but handsome Frontier Chest. There was hardly time to make many
: of them, so that they are scarce. The Chests look rather Complet ith

2.99 like an overgrown, giant cigar-box, but made of thick ae

wood, with two simple clasps. It is not elaborate, but in Frontier Chest

 

 

a the words of the artisan “it’s sure pretty.” Below
2,99 The price of a bottle of Jack Daniel is below $7.50 — , ~
mouth an three bottles cost below $22.48 — the added charge for N

a the Frontier Chest is only $2.00. What a wonderful

Chea to sane Non ee ee

Ri “lease orden prdrapils ieee Hoth the whiskey sad ge of

"O! the chest, are short in supply and they will soon be all

gone! the Frontier Chest

3.39
3.44 9]
356 @
359 a
-and fr
3.69
3,79
ersattle
98 a WHAT IS MALT WHISKY? Sir Robert Bruce it is aloof from the blender. Like a chateau-
994 Lockhart refers to malt whisky as ‘a liquid bottled wine, it can only be ‘itself’ and rep-
99 gift which exalts the soul” and ‘‘goes down resents a triumph of nature, supplemented
t. singing hymns.” For those who prefer less by the skill of a dedicated whisky-maker.
49 impassioned judgments, the original un-
09 8 blended Scotch whisky, made only of malt, We quote Eliot Janeway, noted economist:

“If a single-malt Scotch is truly great, then

remaining untouched for many long years,
blending can only diminish its character.”

ttle has a distinction and superiority of its own.

" . Some claim it is the local water that makes Mr. Janeway also points out that a Highland
A the difference. Others the local peat. What- malt can develop the perfect degree of
59 : ever it is, a single-malt, like a fine old cog- lightness and need not be heavy as errone- ae ie
15 : nac, has its own singular character. ously claimed by many. Lightness depends _ 4)
15 on the original whisky — and Glenfiddich .
me The best of the malts come from the High- starts off light.
9 lands and the best section is Banffshire,
where Glenfiddich is made. The heart of | Despite the pedigree, the price Is not stag-

ae Glenfiddich is clearly in the right place. gering — it sells:for Below’ $8.99. We urge

6 that you try it and you will share our enthu-
9 The distiller defines malt whisky as the soul siasm — we also think you should consider
ii ; of all whiskies than can properly be called sending it to appreciative friends who want
10 :s ‘Scotch.’ Only a century ago, all Scotch to experience unblended Scotch whisky at
5 : whiskies were ‘straight malt.’ The truest its best. (Below 102.00 case).
5 ;

clue to a single-malt Scotch is the fact that

  
     
        
    
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
  
 
   
