 

viticulture and with wine are defined,
on the whole fairly completely and well,
in successive paragraphs, in French,
Italian. Spanish, German, Portuguese,
English, and Russian. Needless to say, it
is hardly a book for the casual reader,
or even the wine amateur, but as a work
of reference it is irreplaceable and in-
dispensable, a landmark that can only
be compared to the great seven-volume
Ampelographie of Viala & Vermorel.
Not an encyclopedia, it includes—de-
spite its 650 pages—no proper names, or
wine or vineyard names, or ratings or
opinions or descriptions of specific vin-
tages. But under the heading “Char-
acteristics of Wines, Descriptive and
Tasting Terms,” there are 329 defini-
tions, a good many of them in all seven
languages. When, as is often the case, a
word exists in Italian, or French. or
Spanish, and has no precise English
equivalent, an English
neverless included.

definition is

Here for example, are to be found,
for the first time in English, I believe,
proper and sound explanations of such
highly special French tasters’ words as
louche, tuilé, séché, gouleyant, char-
penté, tendre, NETVEUX, SEVEUX, charnu,
court, gras. The Spanish, Italian, and
German vocabularies are no less com-
plete, and of course there are well. over
200 tasters’ terms in English that have
been all too loosely used over the past
decades and are here firmly, and with
reasonable competence, pinned down.

It has long been my belief (which has
shocked a few of my friends and out-
raged others) that wine professionals, in
setting down the critical notes and
ratings that are their means of communi-
cation, use a more objective and more
accurate vocabulary than most critics of
the other nonliterary arts, such as music
and painting. Perhaps this new lexicon,
to those who take-the trouble to consult
it, will help to demonstrate the point.

Leaving parlor tricks and rigged
tastings out of consideration, it should
be possible for an expert to taste an
average collection of ten unlabeled red
surgundies, for example, including
some good ones and some poor, write a
twenty-word deseription of each, plus a
numerical rating, that would enable a
competent friend to identify perhaps
three-quarters of them. I am not talking
about naming wine and year (which are
matters of taste memory, generally of
specialization in a limited field, and:
often of luck), but of semantics. Perhaps
a few notes, taken more or less at ran-
dom from my tasting book, will make
this clearer. Here are three wines, ex-
treme cases perhaps, wines that it would
be impossible to confuse: all three are
red Burgundies of the 1962 vintage,
tasted in 1963: (10/20, as in French
schools, means barely passing; 20/20,
SR/ October 24, 1964

a rare, almost unattainable perfection ) ;

l. Fresh, tendre, fruity, fine spicy bou-
quet, soon ready, brilliant, rather
pale, short lived. 14/20,
Big, deep color, great depth, ripe,
gras, unusual balance, typical but
unformed bouquet. Will end weli.
17/20.
Somewhat earthy. No breed. Un-
mistakable genuine local bouquet.
Low acid. Soft, round, agreeable.
Rather high alcohol. Will not last.
11/20.

The first, just for the record, was an
almost unknown wine from what. is
called the Arriére-Céte-de Beaune: hav-
ing no major appellation of its own, it
is sold in America as “Pinot Noir,” the

\grape from which.all three were made.

The second was a Corton-Bressandes,
from one of the most highly ranked and
perhaps the best red wine vineyard in
the southern half of the famous Burgun-
dian Cote d’Or.

The third came from one of the lesser
sites in the celebrated township of
Pommard.

Needless to say, the differences be-
tween wines tasted together are rarely
as obvious as this. A wine-taster’s pro-
fession would be vastly easier if they
were.

There is perhaps one additional fact

James Beard Greets

THE INVENTION OF THE CORK-
SCREW, about two centuries ago, made
wine drinking easier: it is hard to imagine
living without one now. If I had to point out
the most epochal advance in wine drinking
since then, I would be inclined to single out
the forthcoming 450 page classic-to-be —
ENCYCLOPEDIA OF WINE by Frank
Schoonmaker. The bulky galley proofs of
this book—a monument both to Mr. Schoon-
maker’s life work and to his dedication to
viniculture — have kept me awake nights,
simply because the pages have proven so
pleasurable, absorbing, revealing, and re-
warding. It should be on the night-table of
every wine connoisseur.

My only fear is that my good friend, Walter
Frese, president of Hastings House, the pub-
lishers, is a shade too conservative in his
estimate of sales: the first edition will be
about 15,000 copies — a quantity that, in my
opinion, will be gone long before Christmas.
No doubt the first edition will quickly be
followed by a second, a third, and so on,
ad infinitum. But to make sure you have
your copy, I urge you to act quickly. Order
it now, and make certain that you are not
among those frustrated wine lovers who will
have to borrow a copy from a friend.
(Assuming he’s willing to lend it!) Since
the publication date is set for mid-

that should be mentioned in connection
with the tasting and rating of wines, an
odd contradiction: these might be ex-
from the most

ephemeral of all judgments of the arts,

pected to be not far

but they seem to be among the least
variable and most enduring. The
ot the Louvre are full of the discredited
masterpieces of past decades, and per-
haps even a majority of the famous poets
and novelists of a hundred

attics

years ago are
out of fashion todav and forgotten.

Yet wine endures. The bon vin frais
that Rabelais loved is still made not far
from La Deviniére, and from the same
grape, which he called the “Breton” and
which we now know to be the Cabernet
Franc. The classifications of Bordeaux
and Burgundy vineyards, made a hun-
dred years ago, are, with rare ex« eptions,
still valid. The grape which
“Colonel” Haraszthy and Dr. Bioletti
and our other viticultural pioneers se-
lected as the best grapes for California
still produce
There are now a good many thousands
of acres of Major Adlum’s
grapes grown in New York State and
Ohio, even if they have not yet paid our
national debt. We are beginning to
drink wine again; our tax on wine is still
low, as Jefferson would have liked, and
we may (who knows?) be worthy of the
name of Vineland again.

varieties

California’s best wine.

Catawba

a New Wine Classie

November, it might not be a bad idea to
order a copy now as an exciting Christmas
gift for those of your friends who are eager
to learn more about wine.

If you cannot wait, and want to take out an
insurance policy by ordering now, the easi-
est way is to mail a check for $6.95 a copy
to JACKLAND PRESS, 216 East 45th
Street, New York 17, N. Y. (or, if you
prefer they will send you the book, and
bill you $6.95 later). JACKLAND PRESS
informs us that they will deliver the book
postpaid free to any address within the
United States, as soon as they have stock.
Frank Schoonmaker will autograph the
first 1000 copies.

F wk Schr
ENCYCLopen:.
SEOPEDIA

wWHmMaker's

BS Pee

 
