Charming wines are produced in many other sec-
tions of France which achieve little but local fame
because of their limited production. Among these
will be found a charming vin rosé, Tavel and a
nost excellent Loire wine, Vouvray.
Cat. By the
No. Case
1940.
* TAVEL

1938.
TOUTRES, 4306 10 Bie 32.00
Estate Bottled, Baron Raymond de Luze

In the following assortment of carefully selected
Swiss table wines, the whites are highly reminis-
cent of the young fresh Rhine and Alsatian wines
we offered before the war. These are lively wines
with a pleasant, flowery bouquet, at their best
with any light meal. The Déle is light in color,
but agreeably full-bodied. All excellent values.

RED

7D DOLE, CLos St. REMY
from Quennoz & Escher, Sion (Valais)

WHITE

38.00

PRG te a ee 30.00
from G. Clottu, Saint-Blaise (Neuchatel)
Mian, Cis SF. Beuy 34.00

from Quennoz & Escher, Sion (Valais)
JOHANNISBERG, CLos St. REMY ............ 36.00
from Quennoz & Escher, Sion Valais)

Madeira is an American heritage, dating from
the early days of our colonization. The choice
old wines possess a peculiar charm and have a
haunting fragrance. The drier types are excellent
with clear soup and the richer, full-bodied Ma-
deiras are charming dessert or after dinner wines.
Madeira wines are remarkably stable and will
keep almost indefinitely after the bottle has been
opened. The following fine assortment comes to
us from the cellars of Rutherford and Miles.

By the
Bottle
660 BLACK LABEL MADEIRA
Pale and mellow
661 FINE RAINWATER MADEIRA ..............._. 3.18
Pale and quite dry
662 GREEN LABEL MADEIRA
Soft and full flavored
664 GoLD LABEL CHoIcE SOLERA BUAL _. 4.41
A great wine rich and full bodied
665 GOLD LABEL SERCIAL
A superb dry wine

aes 2.93

Sherry is a most adaptable wine as its varieties
permit broad usage; moreover, it has the advan-
tage of keeping well after being opened. Dry,
or medium dry Sherries make pleasant substitu-
tes for cocktails, particularly when chilled before
serving. Medium-bodied Sherry is excellent with
soup or throughout the meal, a very dry Sherry
may be drunk with fish, and a rich Sherry goes
nicely with many a dessert or cheese.

Good Sherry is never very cheap as fine quality
is derived entirely from long years in the cask
and this requires capital as well as patience. Our
offerings are from carefully selected stocks of
renowned producers and include sherries to cover
all types of service.

Cat. By the
No. Bottle

610 .eLDEN SURREY oo ic eee ieee
Fine general service wine
CLruB Dry MoRNING SHERRY
Pale, nutty, medium dry
613 COCKTAIL SHERRY eee
Fine Amontillado, pale and dr
614 DIAMOND BACK SHERRY oi
Splendid full rich wine
617 CHOICEST OLOROSO
A magnificent soft wine
618 LA SSOLOWRINA 54 ce ce
A connoisseurs sherry — very dry

611A

Port is dependent for quality on the integrity
and resources of the shipper. There are seve
types of Port — Wood, Vintage and Ruby.
Wood, or Tawny Port, as it is most frequently
called, is matured for years in cask before bottling.
There, it loses its fiery purple and reaches the
consumer with a soft, bronze coloring — hence
the name of Tawny. Vintage Port is bottled early
and laid down for many years, achieving a heavy
crust through maturing in bottle. Ruby Port, a
younger wine; is not aged as long and retains its
fiery color, hence the name Ruby Port.
We have selected the following choice examples
from the stocks of Fonseca and Company.
652 SELECT RusBy PorT
A highly agreeable wine
BLACK LABEL TAWNY PorT
Delicate and flavory
GREEN LABEL TAWNY Port
Medium bodied with a dry finish
REL LaBEL TAwWNy Port
Mellow and full bodied
GoLpD LABEL TAWNY Port
Soft and very full flavored
CHOICEST TAWNY PorT
Perfection in Tawny Port

The above quotations are our Suggested prices from Bellows agents in New York and New Jersey. In Chicago the prices vary
only a few cents per bottle. All quotatrons are subject to change without notice and all offerings are subject to prior sale.

 
