 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
    

More than any artist we know, Picasso is endowed with
“the gift of metamorphosis” (his phrase). He is Proteus. It
is not that he changes “manner” but that the eyes of his
mind. are so open to the multifarious shifting aspects of
reality as to make him reject and advance beyond all visions
once they are embodied in any of his many media. He has
been traditional, Blue, Rose, neo-classic, cubist, collagist,
realistic, surrealistic, mythic, Negroid, Primitive, allusive—
indeed everything but a pure abstractionist. Throughout the
transformation he remains Picasso. The energy-source is
single, its manifestations innumerable.

Sound ordinary wines, like single-styled minor artists,
are not touched with the gift of metamorphosis—except in-
sofar as they can go bad. But wines of quality (and they
need not be of the highest) may be thus gifted. The soul of
a bottle of La Tache or Latour is individual, itself. Yet from
year to year—and from palate to palate—the wine changes,
reveals new aspects of vinous reality, grows in power, com-
plexity, delicacy. It may also develop eccentricities or in-
teresting morbidities. I was once privileged to be present at
a tasting of sixteen Lafites, ranging from (I think) 1870
to 1949. Not all were alive, but even those which had
passed into the shadowy groves of Orcus trailed wonderful
ghosts. They bore witness to the capacity of a great growth
to deploy across the arches of the years a whole procession
of personalities. In this power of continuous transformation
a wine can be almost Picassoan. And, like Picasso, what-
ever its mutations of style, it is always concrete in its ability
to evoke emotion. It is never abstract, though it may be
austere, as Picasso too can be.

“A painting,” says Picasso, “is not the result of working
toward a goal, it is a stroke of luck, an experience.” Respon-
sible wine-growers do work toward a goal, skillfully and
laboriously. They hope to produce a satisfactory wine. On
the lower levels of the art they hope to produce a standard,
a “reliable” wine. But they know also that a great success
is on occasion more than the outcome of care and knowl-
edge, that it is “a stroke of luck.” The labels may be identi-
cal, but one bottle will differ from another. One will be
merely fine, the next be lit with a sudden glory. There is
divine “accident” hidden in wine as it is hidden in the rapid
brush or burin of a Picasso. And, too, there are wines that
offer resistance, that one must learn to love, as three genera-
tions have had to learn to love the refactory, unconcessive,
often shocking genius of Pablo Picasso.

Nothing, of course, is unimportant for this titan’s eye and
hand. Thus it is not surprising that throughout his career—
which makes that of a mere Churchill or Roosevelt look
tame and limited—he should have been drawn to depict
not merely wine and its adjuncts but their multifarious
human meanings. The bottle of cheap table wine in the
famous Frugal Repast (1904) is as necessary to the emo-
tional design as the two unforgettable cadaverous figures.
The wine- or art-lover will also be moved to meditation by
the 1905 oil, Harlequin with Glass; or the 1913 collage,
Bottle, Glass, and Violin; or the 1912 etching, The Brandy
Bottle; or Picasso’s many representations of bulls holding
wine cups; or his several versions of Lunch on the Grass;
or the more recent (1959) linocut The Grape Gatherers.
Whether in relatively quiet still lifes (though Picasso is
never really quiet) or frenzied depictions of bacchanals, the
life fused in the grape flows onto canvas, copper plate, col-
lage or linoleum.

It is to some such reflections that the reader may be led
as he turns the pages of this seductive catalogue, illuminated
with four linoleum cuts in full color and a select gallery of
black-and-white graphics from Picasso’s earliest period to
the triumphant present.

has long
been beloved by
appreciative
Americans during his
rewarding career as
editor, essayist, radio
and television
personality,
anthologist, and
author. His mind is
one of the most
diverting as well as
the most penetrating
now at large in the
area of comment on
our life and letters.

 

 

 
