 

  
  

 

  

THE GRAND DUCHY OF LUXEMBOURG

PROUDLY ANNOUNCES THE ARRIVAL IN THE U.s.A.

of their Light, Fruity, Fragrant, Dry White Wines
Ideally Suited For Joyous Summer Living

LUXEMBOURG is justifiably proud of the elegant dry
white wines they produce on a picturesque strip of vineyard
land that overlooks the banks of the Moselle River that faces
Germany. The bulk of their production is gayly consumed in
the Grand Duchy itself, with the remainder going, perhaps
because of geographic proximity, to Belgium and Holland.
At long last, you need not have to go to Luxembourg to
taste their superb dry white wines — they have just put in
their spritely appearance in the United States!

1969

The ‘Auxerrois’ grape was first found in the Burgundian town of
Auxerre, about 19 kilometers west of Chablis. It is a rare grape,
not often experienced, that produces this soft wine of ample body
and finesse —the kind of wine that is perfection for summer
picnics, terrace dining, and other informal summer occasions.

523 ise

1967,

  

he virtues of being light, fruity and with a good

They enjoy t
f you who have detoured from the

bounty of finesse. Those o
mainstream of Europe and have visited Luxembourg, know

n really be. If life has never permitted you

how good they ca
why not try a bottle or two?

to visit this peaceful country,
We assure you that any one of the three wines listed here will

add a new touch, exceptional delight, and flowery, delicate

fragrance to your summer living.

The ‘Rivaner’ is a grape that represents a cross between the famed
Riesling grape and the popular, light Sylvaner. It is a cousin to the
Muller-Thurgau grape of Alsace and Germany, which provides the
light, pleasant and carefree dry white wine that is consumed so
copiously in the country Inns of these middle European countries.

521 ese

1969

In Burgundy, they salute the ‘Pinot Noir’ grape — along the banks
of the Moselle they salute their noblest white grape — the ‘Ries-
ling.’ Nobility demands a toll — the yield per acre, because of the
grape’s delicacy, is low, and therefore it is reflected in the price.
However, the reward is great because a 19th Century poet de-
scribed the wine that comes from the Riesling grape as “like a
Strauss Waltz played in the garden.”

50
$25 Case

pesigned .

Summ!

 

 

 
