  

 

 

 

ERGOT

best of the
r wines to
ore.

 

 

 

My friends in Paris asked me what
the best single current Red Burgundy
was? A difficult question to answer, but
I think I can honestly say that it was,
in my opinion, the Vosne—Romanée
La Grande Rue 1961 of Henri La-
marche. It had all the classic qualities
of the breed, and it is not—be warned
—a hidden wine, to be picked up by the
knowing at a bargain rate. Mr. La-
marche knows what it’s worth, and the
price is high.

I regret to say that I didn’t visit the
Domaine of Romanee Conti. It was
late evening, time was pressing, and I
risked losing the train to Paris. I thought
of staying, and hiring a car, driving to
Paris, but two feet of snow made this
impractical, and 1 had no wish to return
by dog sled.

Here tasting is a different kind of
business: in Burgundy and Bordeaux
you experience the direct expression of
the soil in various phases of develop-
ment, trying each small segment of the
growth to assess the year. In Cham-
pagne, you test the finished product, the
blend of many scattered vineyards. Here
you are testing man’s craft, rather than
Nature’s caprices.

The only opportunity of tasting the
single wines of Champagne, unblended
in the barrel, is at the beginning of the
year. Fermentation has begun its work
and is allowed to run its course until
mid-March, when the master blend
takes place.

I was privileged to test each element,
barrel by barrel—and it was a great and
rewarding experience, wandering from
Ay to Mesnil, from Cramant to Avize,
from Verzy to Chouilly, from Verzenay
to Bouzy—and on.

As you know, most Champagne is
non-vintage, consisting by definition of a
blend of wines from different years: with
Champagne, you buy pretty much by

 

the reputation of the proprietor (hence
the importance of the label). Here is the
story on Champagnes: the non-vintage

Wines you are drinking now consist of
57s and ’58s. The Champagnes which
are soon to be shipped are blended from
wine of 1960 (light and elegant) and
the wonderful, fruity cuvée of 1959.

This is a marvellous combination, and
what it means, in practical terms, is that
many non-vintage Champagnes you can
buy this year will rival and equal
those which have a vintage date on the
bottle. These wines will be here late in
1964, but I have one tip for the Cham-
pagne drinker who has the courage to
do without a year on his bottle—Louis
Roederer’s Cour Royale Brut will reach
us in April, blended, as I have described,
from ’59s and ’60s. The cost will be
$6.98 a bottle (as opposed to $9.00 for
most vintage Champagnes). This is a
wine to remember, and a remarkable
bargain.

Most of us have appreciated the deli-
cate brandy of Cognac, the lusty Marc
from Burgundy, and the ethereal Eau-
de-Vie from Alsace. However, few of us
have experienced the exceptional Marc
de Champagne—a pale, light-hearted
Brandy that occupies a mid-point be-
tween the subtlety of Cognac and the
earthiness of Marc de Bourgogne. A
few cases have just arrived in New York
and the possibility of tasting this remark-
able distillate should not be ignored by
the brandy fancier (8.95 the bottle).

 

The scholarly gastronomic quarterly,
Wine & Food, is THE journal for all
those who love the table, so you can
imagine how delighted I was to learn,
on my arrival in London, that my article
on recent vintages has been accepted for
publication. The editor, Hugh Johnson,
told me it would appear in March, thus
putting me in the select company of such
distinguished writers as Elizabeth

David, Samuel Chamberlain, James .

Beard, Cyril Ray and André Simon... .

London has a bad reputation for food,
but it is undeserved. You can eat and

  
 
   
 
   
 
 
 
    

~'
aS

NAY i

drink superbly in England. Some of the
highlights of my own stay were-—Sun-
day luncheon at the Bell (Aston Clin-
ton), a genial and old-fashioned inn
presided over by the wine-loving Jerry
Harris....A personally guided tour
through the wonderland of Fortnum &
Mason by its warm-hearted, learned
Vice-Chairman, David Dennis....
Meeting Mrs. Smith Grant, the woman
who holds the fishing record for the
Spey, and the wife of the Chairman of
Smith’s ‘The Glenlivet,” the first Scotch
distillery in history that made whisky
that enjoyed legal approval. ... Dining
on roast goose in the apartment of
George Rainbird, which overlcoks Hyde
Park Corner. ... A cocktail reception at
Harry Waugh’s (of Harvey’s), where
I met the Rt. Hon. Ernest Marples, a
member of the British Cabinet, who re-
laxes from politics by running a vine-
yard he owns in Fleurie.
... The plans to celebrate Shakespeare’s
400th Birthday (on April 23rd, 1964),
which have led me to some interesting
discoveries about wine-drinking in
Shakespeare’s days, to be communicated
to you soon.

The galley proofs of our associate,
James Beard’s forthcoming book of rem-
iniscences: “Delights and Prejudices’
was my going-to-bed reading companion
throughout the trip. Rich in anecdote,
charmingly told, it is an appetite-whet-
ting “must” for anyone interested in a
civilized discussion of food and wine.
It will be released by Atheneum Press
during late March.

And speaking of delights and preju-
dices, I must express my belief that the
Connaught in London remains, under
the direction of Mr. Rudolph Richard,
one of the world’s finest hotels—and |
am inclined to agree with Mr. Andre
Simon that dining at the Connaught is a
highlight in British gastronomy.

Having admired the Goya exhibition
at the Royal Acadeiny, and missed
Callas’ Tosca, I flew for home, invig-
orated by a study of all the good things
ahead of us in 1964. Whatever happens,
there will be good wine to be drunk by
those who love it! —Sam Aaron

+». Page Nine

  

  
