     
 

THINLY SLICED NOVA SCOTIA SALMON
COUNTRY PATE A LA JAMES BEARD
ROAST STUFFED GOOSE
WITH PRUNES AND APPLES
PUREE OF CHESTNUTS A LA CREME
BRAISED CELERY WATERCRESS
FROMAGE DE BRIE
COGNAC AND COFFEE ICE CREAM
IN CHARLOTTE MOLD
CAFE ESPRESSO

There are many fine delicacy or fish stores where
you can purchase this bright pink, lightly salted de-
light. Make sure slices are almost paper thin.

Ideal Champagne for the sophisticated food devo-
tee. who selected this Cham-
pagne, is acknowledged as one of the world’s
greatest chefs. His restaurant is a gastronomic
shrine in France, and his best-selling book ‘Cuisine
Minceur, is a global classic that features light, deli-
cate food in the haut cuisine tradition. This light,
elegant Champagne is the ideal accompaniment.
Makes an ‘ethereal’ pre-dinner aperitif. (No. 100)

$127.00 case

 

2 pounds lean pork, very coarsely chopped
2 pounds veal, chopped rather finely

1 pound ground pork liver

1 pound fresh pork siding or fat bacon, diced
6 garlic cloves

3 eggs

1/2 teaspoon Spice Parisienne

¥% cup Cognac or whiskey

1 tablespoon basil

1 tablespoon salt (approximately)

1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
Bacon or salt pork (enough to line terrine)

Combine all the meats and seasonings. If you wish
to test for seasoning, saute a small piece—about 1
tablespoon— in butter till cooked through.

Line a good-sized straight-sided terrine or baking
dish with salt pork or bacon. A 21/2 quart souffle
dish, heavy pottery dish or a large round Pyrex dish
are ideal. Place a few strips of bacon or salt pork
over the top, and bake at 325° for about 2 to 21/2
hours. I always cover it with a sheet of foil for the
first hour or so of cooking. It will break away from
the sides a bit when done.

Remove from the oven and cool. Weight it after the
first half hour of cooling. Serve from the terrine or
dish in generous slices with a sharp, heavy knife.
Cover tightly with foil when replaced in the
refrigerator.

The new Beaujolais
of the great 1978 vintage arrived a scant few weeks
ago with joyous celebration. After the capricious
1977, wine lovers everywhere are excited about
the excellence of the recently harvested 1978
vintage in Beaujolais. The wine is full-fruited and
charming — surpassing even the great 1976s. Enjoy
its fruity deliciousness now —for by the Summer,
just as freshly-picked strawberries and wild daisies,
its youthful vivacity will slowly fade. (No. 781)

$43.95 case

erties ee ais

RIS 6S OF
BAINES

Grown at the eagle’s nest vineyard atop the Maya-
camas Mountains. Selected by New West Maga-
zine as one of the ‘Twelve Best Wines of California’
Similar to Cheval Blanc in style. (No. 858)

$139.65 case

1 goose

18 pitted prunes that have been soaked in sherry
or Madeira for 4 days

6 to 8 apples, peeled, cored and halved

Nutmeg and lemon slices

Salt and pepper

6 potatoes, peeled and quartered lengthwise

There is a great deal! of fat on a goose. Therefore it
should be roasted slowly and on a rack so that the
bird will crispen while the fat drips down into the
roasting pan. | like to roast potatoes in the goose
fat, for they become rather crisp and thoroughly
saturated with flavor. Reserve the fat for future
cooking. It can be used for many dishes.

Stuff the ‘goose with the prunes and the apples,
which have been lightly salted and dusted with a bit
of nutmeg. Here and there add a lemon slice. Place
the goose on arack in rather a deep pan, and cover
lightly with foil. Roast at 325° At the end of 21/2
hours remove the foil and baste with the drippings.
Continue roasting till browned and tender. A large
goose should take about 3 or 3!/2 hours to cook.
If the potatoes are added to the bottom of the pan 1
hour after the goose is placed in the oven, they will
be ready with the goose delicious, crisp, and rich as
can be!

I always like to serve a large bowl of watercress with
goose. It is so refreshing and seems somehow to
offer an appropriate contrast of flavor as well as
color.

 
