   

 

 

this
ings
ring
ea
ber.
ohs,

ron
lent

 

Signed Limited Editions
By Joe Wilder

  

<.
oe Ter

     

There is a happy affinity between art and wine.
Both lift the spirits and both are on the eternal
quest for perfection. Dr. Joe Wilder, a dis-
tinguished surgeon, is also a formidable artist.
He beautifully captures the spiritual essence of
the eight First Growths of Bordeaux in the oil
painting shown above. (This painting also
provided the cover for our recent spring
catalogue. )

We happily report that Dr. Wilder has
permitted the printing of a series of 250 prints of
this still life, Bordeaux’s First Growths. Each print
(18%”x28”) is numbered and signed by Joe
Wilder and is offered to the public for $200.
This limited edition print is available for
immediate delivery. Should you wish to
purchase one please phone (212) 319-0906.

These prints promise to be collector’s items.
We urge early acquisition before this limited
edition runs out.

) RITA

Recently, a glorious presentation was made at
The Four Seasons featuring 15 Grands Crus of
the 1985 Bordeaux vintage. The eight First
Growths were tasted. The hosts were the Duc
and Duchesse de Mouchy and the Honorable C.
Douglas Dillon, the proprietors of Chateau
Haut-Brion. 200 highly knowledgeable wine
enthusiasts attended. The results were clear. The
1985 vintage, now in bottle, is truly a great
vintage endowed with depth, complexity,
abundance of fruit and with all the earmarks of a
good, long life ahead. On page 10 we offer the
great classified 1985s. Some have already arrived
and all will be here by September. We urge you
to examine the offering carefully. Some will
soon disappear or become dramatically more
expensive in the near future. Our advice—buy now!

 

Design and Art Dire
Assistant Art De

 

We quote from The
Finigan Wine Letter,
May 1988:

“Always on the trail of

GHAMPAGNE

affordable Champagne, ee

one of life’s incontestable

requirements, I have been delighted with the discovery
of the N/V Brut of Oudinot.... this wine
manages the elusive Champagne trick of combining
flavor distinction (here slightly toasty) and finesse.
One of the best parts is the price, which at least for
now hovers around $15. With replacement. costs
what they are, given the weak dollar, the wise will
buy in quantity from current inventories.’

We happily report that Oudinot Brut is
currently on sale for $12.95 the bottle,
$155.00 the case.

i

We’lllet youinona =
secret. It is generally
recognized that
Aubert de Villaine
papas one of the

est white Burgun-
dies of the Cote
Chalonnaise under
the simple appellation of Bourgogne Blanc—
his ‘‘Les Clous” 1986. This wine is produced
at the vineyards surrounding his home, in the
village of-Bouzeron and reflects his great
knowledge and love of wine making. Monsieur
de Villaine has a rich background in this art. He
is coproprietor with Madame Lalou Bize-Leroy,
of the famed Domaine de la Romanee-Conti,
thus, making good wine comes naturally to him.
The price will delight you. Bourgogne Blanc
“Les Clous” 1986 is available at $8.99 the
bottle, $107.88 the case.

BOUZERON

Mis « >

 

 

 

It happens but once in a decade—but it does
happen! The three superb red wine gems list
below fetched double this price a y ago and
only a few cases remain in the world. The two
red Burgundies rate high on a Grand Cru scalk
and the Pontet-Canet 1978 is one of
eminent successes of the 1978 vintage. None |

be available later this year. We urge you to th

m now whil

 

ahead and be wise—acquire the
they are still available. Regular Sale

 

oe re Case _ Case

PONTET-CANET 1978 336.00 167.40
CLOS DE TART 1983 900.00 350.00
BONNES-MARES 1981 600.00 354.00

Comte de Vogue

The phone rang in
our room at the
Crillon Hotel in &
Paris. It was Alexis ; F
Lichine of Bor- Si
deaux calling to SJ
invite my wife
Florence and my-
self to dinner at the Taillevent restaurant that
night. We were greeted at Taillevent by Jean-
Claude Vrinat, the proprietor, who offered us a
bottle of his beloved Taillevent Brut
Champagne. Alexis Lichine commented on its
elegance, balance, and unique deliciousness.
Sam Aaron agreed! This prompted us to ask M.
Vrinat if there was sufficient production to
provide some for Sherry-Lehmann’s clientele.
The answer, happily, was yes! This Champagne,
which will astonish you by its true excellence
and relatively low cost, is now available to bring
its subtle sprightliness to your summer living at

only $18.95 the bottle, $227.40 the case.

 

 

In addition to daily UPS delivery service,
Sherry-Lehmann dispatches its own special
delivery truck to the Hamptons every
Saturday through early September. If your
order reaches us by Friday noon, it will be
delivered directly to your door the following
Saturday. (However, for this special delivery
service, the order must be for at least 3 cases or
$200 in value. Otherwise, you can rely on our
prompt UPS service Monday through Friday,
free on orders over $75.)

 

In addition to daily UPS delivery service,
Sherry-Lehmann dispatches its own ‘Blue
Ribbon” delivery truck up to Bedford on
Mondays and Thursdays, and north of
Bedford on Wednesdays. For this special
delivery service, your order must reach us by
12:00 noon by the day before you wish delivery.
(Also, the order must be for at least 2 cases or
more, or over $150 in value. Otherwise, you can
rely on our prompt UPS service Monday
through Friday, free on orders over $75.)

 

 
    

I think it fair t
that no shif
otter
offers a

JOUALS Line

 

close to t

and ex

eXCel-

Juboeuf

 

   

lence

the finest and most discriminating taster ir
region, and he knou
best any given cru can °

consistent fineness of nis LLL ges

xactly where to go to obtalr

 

not to mentor

 

“The 1987 cru wines have mostly arrived, and they
reflect the excellence of this full-blooded, wonderfull,
fruity vintage, surely the best in Beaujolais in
years...

These ‘flower label’ Beaujolais of Duboeuf are s
designated because each has won a first prize at the
annual competition in Villefranche, one of the most
serious regional wine competitions in France, at
which the full range of Beaujolais production
judged blind by a jury of its peers.’

Good news! All of the Flower Label 1987
Beaujolais of Georges Duboeuf are now in
our cellars, to add their fruit and charm to your
summer living. See page 9 for details.

 

About a year ago we made a decision that the
best, most carefully selected list of American
wines available in the land would be offered by
Sherry-Lehmann. The list you see on pages 24-
28 indicates that we are well on our way. In a
recent issue of The Wine Advocate Robert Parker
picked, as he calls them, California’s 24 Hottest
Wineries. To our satisfaction we discovered
that every one of these 24 hot wineries
appeared on our list. In addition, our trips to
California and our continuous comparative
tastings of American wines have brought added
nuggets to our cellars. If you wish to explore the
best wines of America, we urge you to browse
through these pages.

 

 

    
       
      
      
      
    
     
    
   
    
    
    
   
    
   
  
   
  
 
 
 
    
  
     
   
   
 
     
 
   
  
 
 
  
 
 
   
    
 
      
      
