  

NEWS! THE FIRST 1972 BEAUJOLAIS i

ARRIVES IN TIME TO
BRING ITS CHARM TO
YOUR SUMMER LIVING!

Be the First on Your Block,
Beach House, or Mountain
Retreat to Enjoy the Fruity
Charm of this Outstanding
Beaujolais Brouilly 1972

THIS 1972 BEAUJOLAIS BROUILLY, is the proud, estate-
bottled wine grown at Chateau de la Chaize, one of the
noblest and most highly regarded vineyards of all Beaujo-
lais. Here is wine bottled within four months of the harves.
— the kind of Beaujolais that they are drinking in Paris,
Lyon, Biarritz and Cote d’Azur. Throughout France they
serve it slightly cool, at cellar temperature, as the ideal red
wine accompaniment to warm weather menus,

The reward in young Beaujolais is great—particularly when
served outdoors as an accompaniment to the hamburgers,
chickens and steak that comes off the charcoal grill. The
bouquet is reminiscent of a grape arbor, the fruity richness
delights the palate. Like a “pretty young girl from the farm”
it can be enjoyed now, during its delicious youth.

THE CHATEAU DE LA CHAIZE vineyard, in the famed
wine growing district of Brouilly, has been maintained, from
father to son, for over four centuries by the Marquis de
Roussy de Sales family. Tradition dictates that they never
compromise with dedication and excellence. The Marquis
de Roussy de Sales is a director of Christian Dior, spending
most weekends with his charming wife, Nicole, among the
rolling hills of Beaujolais cultivating the vine.

Here, we are not dealing with a nondescript Beaujolais, but
rather with an estate-bottled Brouilly produced on some of
the best soil of the district, and during the outstanding 1972
vintage. Since every bottle comes from the estate, and it was
not blended, the total production falls much below the world
demand. As a consequence, we urge that you anticipate your

   

16

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

he Pee
ey —s
es = — =, > =
gg = a
ee

La Marquise de Roussy de Sales is as much home in her Beaujolais
vineyard as she is in the salons of Paris society. Here, she is busily

engaged in supervising a truck about to depart.

Summer and Fall requirements early. You will be delighted
with the wine, its intriguing complexity, engaging charm.
Your friends will share your enthusiasm when you serve this
superb Beaujolais — the most beloved red wine of France
—the favored among red wines, because of its lightness

and fruit, as the light-hearted companion to warm weather
menus.

Available in Half-
Bottles at

$2.09 Each
$46.50 Case

For those who want the big, impressive
Magnum, $46.50 the case of 6—$8.36 each.

 
   
   

iy

APPELLATION BROUVILLY CONTROLEE

   
     
    
  
 

oe

   

   

 

 
    
   

} 2
LA CHAIZE

 

en Beaujolais <>
PRODUCE of :RANCE >

4 . D2 i
we & ROUSSY de SALaT g' 4 vy,
an OO:

Prapristeire a Odcaas (Rhens)

  
   
 
  

 
  
 

  

 

 

a if

WVU

 
