   

CHAMPAGNE
The quality will be exceptional, and

some Champagne growers report “as mag-

nificent as the 1893 vintage.” This will be
the first year since 1955 where the Cham-
pagne district will have a large quantity
of healthy grapes, and thus permit them

| to replenish their highly depleted stocks.

:

tf

 

 

The wines will be high in alcohol, full
bodied, and not unlike the 1947s. Here
is a vintage that will require careful han-
dling to avoid excess heaviness, but has
brought much cheer to the Champagne
erowers who have suffered at the hands
of nature for three successive years.

POUILLY-FUISSE

Though the vineyard farmers of
Pouilly-Fuisse did not share in full meas-
ure the fabulous quantity enjoyed by the
Cote d’Or to the North, nevertheless they
have little about which to complain. The
crop was larger than normal, on the whole
great and the wine was higher than aver-
age in alcohol. Early impressions are that
the 1959 Pouillys will rank with the 1952s,
the most successful previous year. Those
fond of Pouilly-Fuisse can look forward
with much pleasure to drinking fine wine
at modest cost starting late 1960.

BEAUJOLAIS

There is also joy in Beaujolais, the area
that provides the good current gulping
red wine to the tables of Paris. Certainly,
the wine is considerably superior to that
which was produced in 1958 and alto-
gether is better in color, texture, and body
to the wonderful 1957s. One must be care-
ful here because every grower did not
make good wine—we suggest you confine
yourself to the more reliable sources. Be-
cause of the high alcohol and the warm
September at harvest time when the fer-
mentation starts, lack of care and control
will create many an inferior barrel. The
crop was reasonably large but far from
record breaking.

GENERAL COMMENTS

In this process of evaluating the 1959
vintage, let us not forget the present and
future joys that certain wines can afford
us now and the immediate years ahead.
The lover of fine Claret can be content
with his 1952s, 1953s and 1955s and seek
out, if he can find them, such interesting
survivors as the 1947s, 1948s, 1949s and
1950s.

The lover of great red Burgundy will
glory in the 1953s, watch his 1955s de-
velop now, and patiently await his 1957s
that may ultimately outlast the 1959s.
And the white Burgundies of 1955, 1957
and soon the 1958s are delightful indeed.

As for the German wines, there are still
some rich, full 1953s available, some of
the 1955s are excellent, and the 1957 and
1958s are coming in now to fill the gap
until the 1959s become drinkable two
years hence.

And as for the wines of Beaujolais, the
Loire Valley, Alsace and Italy, our advice
is that you drink them young while all
the charm and freshness of youth are
present. And in parting, let us restate
once again, that the vineyard, the bit of
agricultural soil that varies so dramat-
ically from slope to slope, is at least as
important as the combination of nature’s
forces which complete the blessedness of
what we refer to as the “vintage year!”

FURTHER COMMENTS BY THE
MEN WHO MAKE THE WINE

ALSACE

“We can consider here the 1959 harvest the vintage
of the century, one which can be compared to the
vintages of 1904, 1911, 1921, 1937 and 1945.”

—M. Preiss-Henny, Alsace

“Owing to the persistence of sunny weather, the
1959 wines will be of exceptional quality and will
take their place among the very best since the war
or even the century, but owing to the prolonged
drought, the yield in musts is poor and output suffers
from it.”

—M. Dopff, Alsace

CHAMPAGNE

“The quality will be exceptional, some say as mag-
nificent as the 1893 vintage. The abundance and
quality of this harvest will allow the Champagne
houses to maintain the output which had sadly de-
creased over the past three years.”

—R. Chayoux, Proprietor
Champagne, Ayala

BORDEAUX

“To compare it with previous great years, I think tt
will have the softness of the ’29 but not its strength;
they will not last, I think, more than these 1929s
who were glorious and are vanishing now. They will
not have the robust consistency of the ’28. I should
compare them to the ’47 type with the body of a
49, or as a link between the ’47 and the ’29.”

—Pierre Ginestet,
Proprietor, Chateau Margaux

“It is actually possible to compare it (1959) to the
1929 or even to the 1899—unfortunately production
has been much less than expected at Chateau Lafite
Rothschild as well as in all the Medoc region.”
—L. Brun, Manager
Chateau Lafite Rothschild

“The enthusiasm which the 1959 vintage has caused
in your country appears to me to be perfectly justi-
fied and there is no doubt that these wines will make
excellent bottles.

With our CHEVAL BLANC as well as with the
Grands Crus of SAINT EMILION and of POMEROL,
the results were excellent, since the wine-formation
was very closely supervised in order to avoid acci-
dents which may have happened in some vineyards
where the care shown was perhaps not as intense.

The quantity, on the other hand, is small, and the
harvest is under average. The sale prices reflect this
situation and they are constantly rising with very
considerable demand.”

—Fourcaud-Laussac, Proprietor

Chateau Cheval Blanc

“Already much before harvest time and certainly
most premature, that is, in May and June, the oracles
had decided that the vintage 1959 will be a great
vintage year, though nothing allows them to come
to such a prognosis since the summer was still ahead
of them with the uncertainty of rain, heat, and sun-
shine. The only thing that could allow them, at that
time, to make this favorable prognosis was the total
absence of catastrophic frost which comes quite often
very untimely and destroys the young blossoms on
the vine, but not enough to justify such optimism
and to let loose an enthusiasm throughout all foreign
countries, anticipating something which actually
does not exist and cannot be foretold before the
harvest.

One must say that for once, Heaven has totally ful-
filled the wishes of the wine growers and the nego-
ciants in giving us a warm and dry summer, full of
sunshine, giving the raisins great maturity and greatly
enhancing the quality.”

—Maurice Delor, Bordeaux

GERMANY

“1959 will become a great wine which will surpass
in quality the wines harvested during the last few
years. The 1959s will have a great bouquet, on the
heavy side high in alcohol. It can be compared with
vintage 1949 and will take a long time before it will
be ready.

We, ourselves, think very highly of the 1959s. How.
ever, believe that a great deal of wine consumers
will prefer a 1957 or 1958 since these latter wines,
due to their lightness, their finesse, their typical
Moselle characteristics, go down very easily.

We harvested this year (1959) in our Berncasteler
Doktor vineyard great spaetlesen, auslesen, beeren-
auslesen and trockenbeerenauslesen.”
—Dr. H. Thanisch, Proprietor
Bernkasteler, Doktor, Moselle

  
