  

ARRIVES! WINS FIRST
AWARD AT MACON —
BEAUJOLAIS FAIR!

“The Best Vintage Year Since 1937
at Our Vineyard—Even Better Than
Our Excellent 1969s” States
Marquis de Roussy de Sales,
Proprietor.

, left Marseilles
on January 28th, and will be in our cellars by March
Ist. It is the proud, estate-bottled wine grown at
Chateau de La Chaize, one of the noblest and most
highly regarded vineyards of all Beaujolais. Here is
wine bottled within four months of the harvest — the
kind of Beaujolais that they are drinking in Paris,
Lyon and Cote d’Azur. Throughout France they serve
it slightly cool, at cellar temperature, to bring out its
refreshing fruit.

The reward in young Beaujolais is great — the bou-
quet is reminiscent of a grape arbor, the fruity richness
delights the palate. Like a “pretty young girl from the
farm” it can be enjoyed now, during its delicious youth.

vineyard, in the
famed wine growing district of Brouilly, has been main-
tained, from father to son, for over four centuries by
the Marquis de Roussy de Sales family. Tradition dic-
tates that they never compromise with dedication and
excellence. The Marquis de Roussy de Sales is a direc-
tor of Christian Dior, spending most weekends with his
charming wife, Nicole, among the rolling hills of Beau-
jolais, cultivating the vine.

Here, we are not dealing with a nondescript Beaujolais,
but rather with an estate-bottled Brouilly produced on
some of the best soil of the district, and during the truly
great 1970 vintage. Since every bottle comes from the
estate, and it was not blended, the total production falls
much below the world demand. As a consequence, we
urge that you anticipate your requirement early. You
will be delighted with the wine, its intriguing com-

THE FIRST

  

BROUILLY

La Marquise de Roussy de Sales is as much at home in her Beau-
jolais vineyard as she is in the salons of Paris society. Here she
assists Pierre Martray, wine director of Chateau de La Chaize, in
supervising a temperature controlled truck about to depart with
its precious cargo of Ist prize-winning Beaujolais Brouilly 1970.

plexity, engaging charm. Your friends will share your
enthusiasm when you serve this superb ‘Beaujolais —
the most beloved red wine of France — the favored
among red wines, because of its lightness and fruit, as
the light-hearted companion to simple, but delicious
menus—and the first award-winner of 1970!

AVAILABLE IN
HALF-BOTTLES AT

$1.64 Each
$35.30 Case

For those who want the big, impressive Magnum,

$35.30 the case of 6 — $6.56 Magnum.

PAUL BOCUSE, the famed restaurant just outside of Lyon,
has won the enthusiastic plaudits of world gastronomes. Its
creative excellence and discrimination is further confirmed
by being awarded the coveted ‘Three Star’ classification of
GUIDE MICHELIN.

It is of interest to note that Mr. Bocuse, proprietor of this
great restaurant, located only 30 miles from the Beaujolais
wine country, has chosen CHATEAU DE LA CHAIZE as his
featured Beaujolais.

What is a Pichet? It is the classic and popular 16 oz.
bottle that is beloved by the vignerons of Beaujolais.
When a half-bottle is not enough, and a large bottle is
too much, here is the size that becomes the most prac-
tical. The price is modest enough—only $2.19 for the
16 oz. Pichet, and $23.65 the case of 12 Pichets.

  
    
  
  
   
  
  
   
  
 
 
  
   
   
    
  
 
   
   
 
  
   
  
 

  
