 

 

EDITOR’S NOTE:
SAS GUT =
SINE” written by
our Associate,
James Beard, has
now become a
classic work on
French gastron-
omy. He is pres-
ently in Paris;
after travelling
through most of
the important
wine growing
districts of Eu-
rope. His report,
written May
gist. in Paris.
appears below
for your interest.
I have just returned to Paris after com-
pleting an around-the-circuit wine tour

 

of the provinces. And it was a sad trip
indeed, because a cold wave had struck
much of northern Europe with devastat-
ing fury during the early days of May.
The vintners had hoped that the Febru-
ary 1956 record-breaking frost, followed
by the coldest August in living memory,
would have been enough ill fortune for
at least a decade. But, alas, it was not so,
and there was little joy on the faces of
the growers as they viewed their wine
prospects for the immediate years ahead.
The Paris papers have been carrying long
stories about this cold wave—Sunday was
the coldest May Sth in Paris in nearly one
hundred years. The outdoor cafés were
not as crowded and gay as is usually the
case at this time of year. It was my inten-
tion to first talk about new developments
in the restaurants of Paris, but I think the
current news from the vineyards might
be more timely and we can talk about
Paris gastronomy later in this article.

m

GENERAL OBSERVATIONS

When I first heard about the May 5th
cold wave in the vineyards. I was dis-
turbed; and it did not take me long to
find out that this damage was far greater
than I had suspected. Most of the wine
growers of both France and Germany

 

had not recovered from the Siberian cold

wave that had swept over them in 1956,
and surely thought that the law of aver-
ages would be in their favor this year.
Unfortunately, it is certainly not going to
work out that way. Every area was hit
either in April, as in Bordeaux, or in
early May as in Burgundy, Champagne,
the Loire, the Rhine and Moselle and
Alsace. It is still too early to ascertain the
complete damage but an over-all guess on
the part of experts estimates the loss at
25%. This is serious because the growers
are more reluctant than ever to give up
their good ’52s, 53s and ’55s that still
remain with them. Of course, the frost
only affects the quantity output and not
the excellence of the wine. My general
advice is that you acquire as much good
wine as you can now before scarcity and
higher prices follow in the wake of the
adverse weather.
REPORT FROM BURGUNDY

In the town of Beaune, the wine capital
of Burgundy, there was a sense of relief

on the night of May 5th. The weather
had become somewhat milder and the
damage did not appear too great. But
cold hit again at 3 A.M. on Wednesday,
May 8th, and this time at a district hith-
erto untouched, the Cote de Nuits. May
8th, which is VE Day, is a national holi-
day in France and people were out deco-
rating the war memorials with flowers
and in most villages, bands had been
scheduled to play. The bands played, but
in a town like Vosne-Romanee, it was
pretty sad music. This was by far the
most severely damaged of the Cote d’Or
villages, and in the afternoon, when the
sun had its chance to shine for a few
hours, turning the frozen shoots of the
vines black, and causing them to wilt, it
was possible to assess the real damage.
Luckily, a few of the vineyards, those
high up on the slopes, were not much
hurt. The frost had played odd tricks and
struck one little vigneron while sparing
his neighbor.

 

4/5 QUART ‘ ke 86 PROOF

 

A BLEND

RED SEAL

PRODUCT_OF SCOTLAND

Fortnum & Mason

London

 

Such famous vineyards as Romanee St.
Vivant, La Tache, Malconsorts, Eche-
zeaux, were hurt on an average of at
least 50% although Grands Echezeaux
much less. Down along the national high-
way, most of the low vineyards had taken
a severe beating; this includes the towns
of Nuits St. Georges, Chambolle Mu-
signy, Gevrey Chambertin, Morey and
Vosne Romanee. The better vineyards,
higher up on the hill, in most of these
villages, were untouched and unharmed
and practically all of the Cote de Beaune,
which includes Pommard, Aloxe-Corton,
Volnay and the Montrachets seemed to
suffer no damage. In summary, a handful
of the truly great vineyards, were severely
hurt and the production of medium price
red burgundies on the lower slopes will
be severely cut down for 1957... inevit-
ably resulting in scarcity and high prices,
particularly for the few remaining cases
of the estate-bottled ’52s, 53s and ’55s.

REPORT FROM CHAMPA‘
Champagne is not drunk quite as young
as other wines; and the wine drinker is
certainly not affected strongly here be-
cause we are still drinking the ’49 vintage
and are only starting on the 1952. How-
ever, in Champagne, they did hope to
recover the losses of last year when the
harvest was well below normal. But, alas,
there was 80% damage to the valley of
the Marne, 40% on the mountains of
Rheims, (and, amazingly, no damage on
the Cote de Blanc) from whence come
the white grapes. This will surely result
in a strong tendency towards price in-
crease with careful rationing of vintage
Champagne by the world-famous houses.

REPORT FROM BO
The May frost, outside the Entre-deux-
Mers area, does not enter into the Bor-
deaux picture, but they did have their ill
fortune a month earlier. In April, the
sap was in the vine and the buds were at
lease two weeks ahead of schedule... so
when the severe frost came on April 12th
and 13th, the plantings were vulnerable
and the damage fairly extensive. And

nature was not too fair in this instance.
For the wine growers who suffered the
most during the winter of 1956 were
precisely the ones who were harmed once
again this year.

Generally speaking, there was only slight
damage among the great red wine vine-
yards of the Medoc, and more important
injury on the lower slopes where the
more modest, medium priced wines come
from. Pomerol was hurt badly, and the
consequences will be long lived. Among
the white wines Barsac was particularly
hit. Here again, my advice is simple. Get
as much of the ’52s and the ’53s as you
can conveniently handle in your cellar
or apartment.

KPC )] HRO)M (-k}

Following the night of the frost, the
headlines in the morning newspapers in
the city of Mainz reported a 50% loss
due to frost in the vineyards of the area.
In towns like Nierstein and Oppenheim,
the better vineyards which escaped last
year's cold wave, lost over fifty percent
of the current crop. The best district of
the Moselle, such as Wehlen, Brauneberg
and Piesport lost most of their harvest
with everyone so confused that producers
do not even consider selling their wine
in their present mood. Also hard hit were
the side valleys of the Moselle which in-
clude a great part of the Saar and Ruwer.
All this, in light of the poor quality of
the ’56s, will make the great 53s and

55s precious commodities indeed.

From the mountain hills of Alsace, al-
ways severely exposed to cold, the grow-
ers sadly reported that at least 50% of
their precious vineyards have been de-
stroyed with the certainty of scarcity and
a strong boost in prices following in the
near future. I fear that the moderately
priced and fresh young delicate white
wines of Alsace will cost us quite a bit
more by next year.

Though Loire is known as the “Smile of
France” it still did not escape. The towns
of Quincy and Sancerre were heavily
damaged, and the Muscadets will not be
available a year hence in their usual
abundance. Actually almost the entire
1957 Muscadet crop has been practically
wiped out.

PULIGNY-MONTRACHET

“LES PUCELLES”

Mise du Domaine

 

 

Julien MONNOT, Propriétaire-Viticulteur
PULIGNY-MONTRACHET (Céte-d’Or)

The weather was kinder in southern
Europe because there was practically no
damage in the Beaujolais area, although
the general impression is, based on the
appearance of the vines, that the 1957
crop will not be a large one. Although
the Pouilly Fuisse area was somewhat
hurt, the better producers up on the hills,
such as Dondin, escaped scot free. Inci-
dentally, the 55s are proving splendid
here; the 56 reds are, on the whole worth-
less, and some of the ‘56 whites are quite
good, particularly Dondin’s Pouilly Fuisse
which won a Gold Award at Paris (as
he did in 1955). It was pleasant to find
out that there was no frost damage what-
sover in the Rhone Valley and we have

.... Paris May 21
‘urrent Wine Picture
.eeee What's New in

Paris Restaurants

every reason to believe that the 1957 crop
will bea large one, with 56, on the whole,
quite good. The report from northern
Italy, from such towns as Valpolicella
and Soave, are — excellent weather and
no adverse frost effects.

Paris is in full swing, the glorious chest-
nut trees that line the boulevards are rich
with foliage; happy tourists from every-
where are beginning to fill the town;
shops are showing their finest wares;
flowers are in abundance and are fan-
tastically beautiful —it is the season —
Paris in Spring.

The historic sights and museums bring
their multitude of visitors, but the talk
is mostly about special discoveries at a
favorite restaurant. In Paris, one gets
more tips on where to dine than are
given in New York on the stock market.
If you visit there this summer there is
no question but that you will dine well
and find great wines at any of these in-
ternationally famous restaurants; Crillon,
George V, Lasserre, Lucas-Carton, Max-
im’s, Plaza Athénée, Ritz, Tours d’Argent,
Laperousse, La Cremailliere, Drouant,
Grand Vefour, Taillevent. And if you are
looking for delightful dining in the coun-
try, not far from Paris, by all means go
to the Coq Hardy at Bougival (12 miles)
or Auberge de la Moutiére at Montfors-
Amaury (30 miles) run by a man ap-
preciative of exqusite decor, M. Carrere.
The beauty of both of these country inns,
as well as their wine and food, is breath-
taking and is well worth the short, pleas-
ant drive involved (Longchamps is en
route).

Almost everyone that you will meet in
Paris will have his own private list of
little bistros where “you can find the
best food in all of Paris for less than the
cost of the tip.” Should you chance to go
to any of these places, you will probably
find yourself in a poor section of the city,
jammed into a small room, waiting for
a table. (Let me advise any of you who
are coming over here to get into the
habit of reserving a table or you can
easily miss some pretty fabulous dining.)
Only last night I watched a procession
of people being turned away from a
small restaurant much in vogue this year.
It is Chez Henri or Moulin-A-Vent in
the Rue des Fosses-Saint Bernard, just
across from the Halles aux Vins — here
the great specialty is a fine Beaujolais and
a good Sancerre; and as for food, I can
glowingly recommend the Boeuf a la
Ficelle, a good cut of beef cooked rare
in broth.

ROS OF PARIS
ROS OF :

In the better bistros, you will find the
food honest and good, the wine young
and pleasant, and the cost of a meal about
1600 francs. And, like the rest of the
visitors to Paris, I, too, have developed
a list of old favorite bistros and offer it
for what it is worth — they are: Chez
Pauline, La Boule d’Or, the Beaujolais
Grille, Chope Danton, a L’Alliance in the
Rue Vivienne, Pierre on the Place Valois,
Chez Max, Chez Anna and many others
including Chez Gorisse — all places where
one dines well at a medium price and
where the wine lists are often surpris-
ingly good and complete.

New to me this time, and bistros to
which I shall like to return, are Chez
Michel near the Gare du Nord, L’Auberge
des Basques in the Rue Verneuil and
the Eden Roc for sea food. And the
American influence has left an impact
during the last two years, for, believe it

 

 

 

 

 

 
