 

  
  

GREAT deal of our holiday

pleasure comes from browsing
and wandering through the town and
through the shops. It’s amazing the
number of ideas one gathers, the com-
binations of things one finds that make
the perfect remembrance for someone
dear to you. And again there is always
that particular person who must have
something so special that you must
ponder for days before deciding on the
perfect selection. It need not be expen-
sive, but it must reflect the person’s
taste. These are some of the results of
our browsing. What do you think of
them ?

 

 

 

BONDED BOURBON IN
DECANTER

Just arrived! Attractive Decanter holding
1. W. Harper Bonded Kentucky Bourbon.
Decanter bottle costs no more than the
regular bottle................ 6.90 in Decanter

(78.66 case)

Something we mentioned last month
still seems one of the smartest gift items
of them all—the perfect replica of a
Parisian Kiosk, in color, which hides
within its walls a bottle of Dolfi’s
Raspberry liqueur from Alsace—smart
—Parisian—practical—and only $8.00
... Lhis seems to be the day for special
bottlings. Not only does one find many
of the imported brandies and cordials
in special gift bottles and containers,
but some of the American firms are
following the trend. I. W. Harper
have come forth with a most attractive
decanter which holds that fine Bourbon
and the price is no higher than the
ordinary bottle—$6.90 + SOM alk
know the beauty of Baccarat glass.
Think of how much more acceptable
the gift would be if the Bacarrat de-
canter were filled with fine Cognac.
For $34.95 you may have such a gift
filled with Martell Cordon Argent,
which, if you are at all familiar with
Cognacs, you know means one of the

 

very best . ... a traditional New Eng-
land bucket heaped with six splits of
imported Champagne is something for
those who love to have a small bottle
or two in the refrigerator for a cold
invigorating aperitif (see page 3.) ...
and for those who like their Cognac
plain and unadorned there is that peer
among them which I have favored for
a long time — the Single Cask Un-
blended Cognae at $11.75 .. . you
replica lovers will enjoy the presenta-
tion of Lanson Champagne—two bottles
of the 1943 vintage in an exact replica
of the larger case, (14.50) ... I must
confess a great liking for the four com-
partment bottles of cordials. They are
so decorative that I hate to see them
opened. However, the contents are as
good as the spectacular blend of colors.
You'll find them from Marie Brizard,
Dolfi and Garnier. They’re all listed
on page 12... Our solid friends S. S.
Pierce have those wonderfully hearty
jugs of Glen Garry Scotch at $6.60.
And take a look at those plaid waist-
coats for the bottles of Gilbey’s Spey
Royal Scotch for $5.69—amusing, yet
practical.

 

PARISIAN KIOSK

Just arrived from Francel—the most imagi-
native gift of all! Hand-painted Kiosk hold-
ing Decanter bottle of Dolfj Raspberry
Liqueur. Quantity limited..8.00 Complete

SHERRY WINE AND SPIRITS CO., Inc. © 679 MADISON AVENUE « TEmpleton 8-7500

 

Nothing could please me more than
a case of wine for a gift, and I’m cer-
tain there are a great many who share
my feelings. What about a case of
Chateau Mouton Rothschild 1937 as a
starting point (53.47), or a case of
Chateauneuf-du-Pape 1937—an excel-
lent wine at an excellent value (24.84)

 

THE MUMM BUCKET

Six Splits of Mumm’s Cordon Rouge attrac-
tively packed in a beautiful Old Fashioned
Pine, Bucketisinic 48.5 11.90 Complete

- or to get really poetic about this, a
case of Thenard Montrachet 1945 for
48.50 . . . then there is that favorite,
Anjou Rose, for a mere $16.76 for
twelve bottles and certainly in any of
these there is a wealth of pleasure
which lasts long after Christmas. For
someone especially special, send a case
of the 1943 Romanee Conti. This great
wine will be a museum piece sooner or
later, unless you drink it before then

(94.96 the case).

What could possibly denote the sea-
son and the gayety thereof more than
the bubbly potion which we all know
as Champagne? Merely looking at a
bottle seems to carry a quality of cele-
bration. Your list is long whether it be
a jereboam for that particular bachelor
friend who entertains a lot or one of
the delicious pink champagnes, which
seem to spell romance and suggest moon-
lit nights on a terrace. Try the Tait-
tinger, the St. Marceaux, the Moet &
Chandon, or the Pommery. Be the per-
fect house guest and carry along to your
hostess a magnum of a good, dry cham-
pagne. We guarantee you'll be invited
back again!

  
