ee ee Re
78 it bi | > a banner year for Mint Juleps. So let’s just 1
$4.78 it bids well to be a banner year for Mint Juley

the record repeat that time-honored recipe. The oe aa
in preparing a julep is to have your ice pr yunded a than ge ee
be almost a powder. Place a few mint leaves in the b« és - O : e oo 4
or glass mug we prefer the latter because warm nae ae =
the glass. Add a teaspoon of bar sugar and crush the mint an sugar v :
: we belong to the crushing school. Fill the glass with -
finely crushed ice and add three ounces of Tom Dean and stir, a
until the elass or mug begins to frost. Place the glasses or mugs 1n the

a muddler

pag

1 P+ Peon » > y e

refrigerator for fifteen or twenty minutes to frost more definitely. R
a 3ourbon right up to the brim,

move them and fill again with ice and add | ee
stirring constantly. Dip sprigs of mint into powdered sugar and decora ;
‘ A Ss LOCC Jae é z a : : S ; i .
each glass with the herb. Not even a Kentucky Colonel can do better!
c siass .

Punches For Summer Living
Constantly besieged with inquiries
for punches, we offer one which seems
to us synonymous with good summer
living. Pour boiling water over six
fine, ripe peaches and allow them to
stand for two minutes. Peel, slice and
sprinkle the slices generously with
sugar. After they have stood for two
hours pour over them a bottle of Kriss
Gewurztraminer 1947 ($1.99) and a
bottle of good French Claret (the
Kressman Monopole Rouge, only $1.19,

would do nicely). Chill for several hours in the refrigerator and just
before serving transfer to a large punch bowl with a block of ice in it and
pour over all two bottles of French Champagne which has been well
chilled. (Croyden Freres 1942 Brut at $3.89 the bottle is a wise selection. )
Your guests will be enthusiastic, so make certain you have enough to
meet the encores. (Makes 24 f of. cups)

Here’s a magnificent cooler for a large crowd on a sultry afternoon.
Mix together in a large punch bowl with ice 1/3 bottle Falernum, the
juice of 18 limes, a fifth of very dry sherry, a half bottle of cognac, two
cur s strong tea and 4-6 bottles of a good Rhine wine (ow heinkeller
Liebfraumilch 1945 ($1.89) is ideally suited for such a punch as this).
Decorate with strips of cucumber peel. W onderfully comforting to a
parched throat and heated brow. Serve some thin cucumber sandwiches,
some thin chicken sandwiches and perhaps some cheese and crackers

and you can really forget anything else matters. (Makes 50—4 oz. cups)

An Outdoor Favorite

Gin and tonic weather is upon us. A fine gin and a good tonic wate

O
>

are just the things to ply your guests with while
you prepare this delightful dish for summer dining.
Select good loin pork chops and have them
cut 1/2 inch thick. Allow two to a portion. Mari-
nate them in your favorite barbecue sauce (and
there’s an excellent one now that is all bottled and
ready to use). Remove from the marinade and
grill them fairly slow ly over the coals or in the
broiler, basting and turning frequently. Be certain
that they are thoroughly cooked. Serve with good
crusty rolls, sweet corn which has been cleaned of
all the silk and roasted in its husks over the coals,
and thinly sliced sweet Spanish onions with a good
French dressing. Mouth watering? It should, for
better food was never served from a grill. The

I

it 1

animent here would he Chateau
lanc 1940, the most glorious dry

perfect accom
Haut Brion |}
white wine of the Bordeaux district.

Recent Vintage Years

Since sundry, and often conflicting, opinions reached
me regarding recent vintage years, my curiosity has
made me attend many tastings and interview various
wine authorities to bring my information up to date.
Here are the impressions I have gathered. Bordeaux
wine growers consider 1945 the great vintage year for
their red wines. However, they look to 1947 as the
most noble since 1921 in Graves and Sauternes. The
Burgundian tasters reverently speak of their 1947
white wines as the sreatest year of the 20th Century.
As for the red, they emphasize the 1945s. Needless
to say, whether it be red or white. Bordeaux or
Burgundy, these two years will not let the wine
drinkers down.

I have also received reports from Champagne growers
Miat 1947 ic the anosi glorious year they have had
since 1869, Similarly, the °47s were great in Vouvray,
Chablis, Alsace, Rhine and Moselle. In this discussion.
we should not forget 19 13 —a great year; 1942 —
excellent, though not quite the equal; 1940 — above
average. But 1939, °41, °44. were failures. 1946 was
a very good year in Burgundy, not nearly as successful
in Bordeaux, but suffers the inevitable fate of being
squeezed between two great years.

Good news for those who are eager for the 1947 white
wines! Chablis. Vouvray, Niersteiner, have already
arrived and are yours for the asking. That beauty
among white wines, Chateau Haut Brion Blane 1947.
can be yours if you have the patience to wait until
June (we suggest you reserve your case since ;
the quantity is small). As for the great

Clarets and Burgundies, you will find many. —

of the great vineyards listed in these pages. Fwy
hey will add lustre to any cellar, a

 
