  

CHATEAU de LA CHAIZE

en Beaujolais

 

Y ay
ne M e e e e
a America Celebrates its Bicentennial
’Sting h d e e e “
x Chateau de La Chaize Celebrates its Tricentennial
choi
rs
OS
2 The 1975 vintage Brouilly from the Chateau de La Chaize has just arrived
: in America. Having tasted the wine at Chateau de La Chaize last February.
ok we were having a hard time waiting for this day when its delicious fruit and
delightful fragrance could be shared with the thousands of connoisseurs

who have come to love the great wines from this beautiful estate. The
: Brouillys of Chateau de La Chaize have been the best-selling wine in our

; history. This 1975 is superb and we cannot help but be confident that it,

f too, will add continued luster to the long, legendary reputation of La Chaize
Chateau de La Chaize has captured more gold medals in a single vintage
than any other French wine in history. This superb 1975 won a Gold Award
at the Paris Fair.

The consistent high quality of these Beaujolais is no lucky accident. With

2 extensive hillside vineyards in the village of Odenas, La Chaize can proudly
call its wine “Brouilly,’ one of the nine individual ‘growths’ that year in and
year out produce the finest of Beaujolais. Unlike lesser examples, Chateau
de La Chaize Brouilly is not bottled immediately after the vintage, but in

CO | emuanios A the Spring following the harvest when the added barrel ageing has brought

MP! out its full potential and unique longevity. In addition, the property has

SF been in the same family for three hundred years. The present Marquise de

0 Roussy de Sales is a descendent of Pére La Chaize (the confessor of Louis
XIV) who founded the estate in 1676. That generation to generation of the
family remains dedicated to the excellence of its wines is witnessed by the

e. 1975 Brouilly we have only now received. Tradition dictates no compromise.

It

se

use

ret Available in Half-Bottles

ae at $2.19 Each—

ill $47.50 Case of 24

   

 

In honor of the ‘Tricentenaire,’ the Marquis de Roussy de Sales has sent us a limited number of gold-

embossed magnums of their wonderful 1975 Brouilly at $9.95 each, $29.85 for a gift box of three. You will es
find this unusual gift idea fully described further on in our catalog. 5K

BSA SA SA SAFE SES OPE SE TOPOCOPOCOPEPEPEPO CG

 

Se

  

    
