    
  
  
 
  
 
   
  
   
 
 
 
  
   
 
   
     
    
    
     
    
 
   

BRANDY DISCOVERIES—Heralding the Arrival of An Extraordinary
British Market Cognac.

Bottle Case
COL COURBE V.S.E.P. (In Crooked Neck Bottle) oi ccccccccsesesssssseee 4.99 58.50

Col. Courbé, in its interesting Crooked Neck bottle is an honest, well
made Cognac that can easily live up to demands of those who are
accustomed to paying over $7.00 for Cognac.

 

eee Geer CA) MARNICR oo ee 6.49 75.00

Many of you are familiar with the Liqueur that bears the name of ‘Grand Marnier.”
Its universally-acknowledged excellence unquestionably rests on the Cognac which is
used as.its base. And, it is now possible for you to acquire Cognac itself, a Brandy of
exceptional age, delicacy and distinction, at this modest cost. Surpasses most Brandies
that sell for $8.40 or more.

1200 MARC DE BOURGOGNE  (Clerget-Buffet) ..0...ccccccc aoe et os it ee 8.95 104.00
Bs, ROURGOGNE. From the grape pressings of the great Cote d'Or vineyards comes

) this flavorsome, hardy Brandy. Very little of it made, and it is hard to

come by. Aged for nearly ten years, we think it is safe to say, after

tasting a dozen examples recently in Burgundy, that there is no better

Marc available in France.

  
  
 
    
   
   

1299 BRITISH MARKET 20 YEAR OLD UNBLENDED COGNAC (Due Nov. 10)... 8.95 104.00

Interestingly enough, sometimes the finest examples of French Cognac can be found
more readily in Britain than in their country of origin. Perhaps this is because the Brit-

z ne ish are a patient people who are willing to wait, or perhaps it is because
of the moist climate which affects the maturing in a very special way.
Whatever the cause, we want to state that this little lot, available
only in the smallest non-commercial quantity, has more breed, more
delicacy, and a more distinguished bouquet than many Brandies that
sell for twice the price. Back in 1936, the fine old Cognac firm of
Augier Freres made this small shipment to Britain where it has been
stored, untouched, in oak casks for 20 years. Because it has remained
in Bond under the custody of the British Government, it thus becomes
legally permissable to carry an age statement — 20 Years — which +

 

  

Pre Orn Dae Oak fo
Grind Fig Crantome Cre
das Shick), Great Ration.
me ABLE FOOSE oe
WO DUNG ASS. gg
Tetwrine dite is shined Mita Stale 2

  
  
   

 
 
 

Whe

. ye BO sear, —— Q appears on the label.
1201 BRIAND GRAND FINE CHAMPAGNE COGNAC (1904 Vinbege) ican 14.75 165.00

One of the highlights of our trip was our visit to Gaston Briand, President of the
Cognac Growers Association and master distiller. In our opinion, his ancient Cognac
chais’ holds the largest and most important Brandy treasures of the world. Only four
barrels of his 1904 still remains ~ the Brandy listed here, sold by him only to the great
restaurants of France, is from his unblended stocks of the 1904 vintage. Our reverence

for this Brandy is shared by the ‘Restaurant Pyramide’ in Vienne and among the lead-
ing Brandy connoisseurs of France.

SHERRY WINE
2 é SPIRITS CO. 679 Madison Ave.
at 6lst Street TEmpleton 8-7500

  
