  

te LN

ames Beard i nterviews
Frank Mclhiconvial oo

On the opt and 60°

A year has passed since fantastic praise was
poured upon “1959” by the newspapers of the
world and many conflicting reports on the
1960 vintage have reached wine lovers around
the globe. We, at Sherry’s, think it is time to
offer an appraisal of 1960 and a reappraisal of
1959. As serious wine merchants, we consider
it our obligation, not only to provide the best
possible wine within its class, at the lowest
possible price, but to guide and inform.

We therefore have asked our associate, James
Beard, an outstanding authority on food and
wine, and the author of classic books on the
subject, to interview Frank Schoonmaker,

world famous wine expert and author, on his
evaluation of the recent vintage years. Mr.
Schoonmaker’s comments are based on three
trips to the vineyards this year, the most recent
one being in September.

BEARD: Frank, as you know, we here at
Sherry’s, Ken Dean, Sam Aaron, Joe Stricks
and myself have spent quite a bit of time in
the vineyards of Europe while the 1960 vin-
tage was still on the vine. Those of us who were
there earlier this summer will never forget the
high optimism of the vineyard owners, sparked
by the glorious sunny Spring weather, who
proclaimed loudly that they had another 1959
on their hands. A rainy summer spoiled this

SHERRY WINE AND SPIRITS CO., Inc.

glorious dream and the predictions were never
realized. What is your feeling about how the
1960 vintage turned out?

SCHOONMAKER: Many of us here in Amer-
ica operate on the theory that the baseball
clubs that are leading their respective leagues
on the Fourth of July will probably win the
pennant. The same kind of thing happened
during July 1960 among the vineyard owners
of Bordeaux and Burgundy. The sun and flower
on the vines were fabulous until early July
and the more optimistic wine growers were
blithely betting on a sort of “Vintage Double”.
Having proclaimed that 1959 was “The Vint-
age of the Century” (and having been proven,
on the whole, quite right), they decided that
1960 would be even better. But such long shots
in the vineyards (as at the racetracks), rarely
pay off. August and September were rainy and
cold in most of western Europe, with frequent
thundershowers inundating the vines, bringing
rot and mold as the grapes ripened.

BEARD: I remember the summer rains well—
how did it finally turn out?

SCHOONMAKER: The result was one of the
largest crops on record (in Burgundy and the
Beaujolais, the largest since 1900), but a long
way from tops in quality. The red Bordeaux
and the white Burgundies (other than Chablis,
where there was a Spring frost) may, at best,
be not too far, in quality, below the 1950s. The
red Burgundies and the white Bordeaux rate as
no better than mediocre. We shall unquestion-
ably drink a great deal of 1960 Champagne,
but it will not carry a vintage; German wines
will be plentiful and inexpensive and on the
whole poor. The Rhone wines (always a law
unto themselves) are extremely good, and we
may have a few pleasant surprises elsewhere,
but 1960, across the board, is anything but a
great year, and the sooner we stop comparing
it with 1959, the better.

679 MADISON AVE., N. ¥.

 
