AKER: Let us not overlook 1958
n excellent year, producing light
ing wines; dry, fresh and flowery,
ven more agreeable, for everyday
. the more imposing and formidable
vt too expensive, they are excellent
. a2ueS,

And another very good year is 1955, especially
on the Moselle, where the wines are light,
delicate and astonishingly low in alcohol, often
under 9%. They make up in fragrance what
they lack in authority.

BEARD: In my opinion, among the most de-
lightful white wines of France are those that
come from the Loire Valley—the Muscadets,
the Pouilly Fumés, and now the wonderful
Saumur you have just sent us, which I think
is a real discovery for those who want charm-
ae wines with finesse and yet pay very little.
What about 1959 here?

SCHOONMAKER: In the Loire Valley 1959
was a bounteous and wonderful vintage and
enabled the vintners to forget the generally
lean years they have lived through since 1953.
Almost all of the Loire hillside share in this
good fortune, from the district of Pouilly Fumé
in Sancerre through Quincy, Saumur, Anjou
and even Muscadet. The white wines are a bit
softer and less dry than usual, but with great
finesse and breed; the reds from Chinon and
Champigny are really delightful — even the
se moved up and out of their customary
class,

BEARD: What about Alsace?

SCHOONMAKER: As in Germany, 1959 was
an extremely great year here. The Rieslings
were particularly successful and are among the
best since World War II. However, as often in
warm, dry years, the Gewurztraminers should
be picked carefully since some of them may be
a bit low in acid. And let us not forget that in

1957, in Alsace, some of the bigger wines, es-
pecially the Gewurztraminers, have developed
beyond all expectations, and some of them may
be called great.

BEARD: The Rhone Valley wines are now
starting to arrive. What about them?

SCHOONMAKER: Here is one part of France
in which 1959 could by no means be called a
great year. The Tavels were well above aver-
age, but not extraordinary. Among the red
wines—Chateauneuf du Pape and Hermitage—
1955 is still the Queen, and a few of the 1952s
are holding up remarkably.

BEARD: Thank you, Frank, and let us lift our
glasses to the next vintage coming up—1961!

SC ener ane. 3 =

oa The cooking seminars of James Beard
have won the plaudits of all the gastronomic
world. Inquiries about the semesters may be
addressed to RUTH NORMAN, 400 EAST 52nd
ST., PL 9-5484

679 MADISON AVENUE (at 61st St.) TEmpleton 8-7500

 
