Wine Last

Proudly Presented
by

SHERRY- LEHMANN, INC.

“This wine list astonishes me by its range, depth
and discrimination—after spending almost a half-
century traveling the world and collecting wine-
lists from everywhere, I cannot produce a single
example from my library collection that can match
it—and I am comparing it with the leading cellar
lists of Paris, London, Bordeaux, Dijon, Frankfort
and Lyon.

Whether the standard be day-in and day-out jug
wine, wines for laying down, realistic prices, dis-
criminating selection, rarities from previous dec-
ades—whatever the standards, all are met nobly,
with sensitivity and wisdom, and beyond compare.
This compilation is destined to bring much wine
lore, joyous tasting and intriguing gustatory chal-
lenge to the wine lovers of America.”

—JAMES BEARD

A world authority on food and wine.

lf you agree with James Beard’s comments, and
would like to share in the wine adventures that this
list can provide, we happily report that they are all
within your easy reach.

We deliver promptly anywhere in New York State
—not just to your home in the Metropolitan area.
This information may prove to be particularly help-
ful to those who might want to send a gift to a
favorite friend, business associate, aunt, uncle, or
any other relative that lives in New York State—
from Montauk Point to the Canadian border.

Remember, there is no charge for delivery on any
order over $25.00 in the 5 boroughs, Long Island,
Westchester, and most of Rockland and Orange
Counties. (Below $25.00, kindly add $1.50 for each
delivery.) If you, or the gift recipient, lives beyond
this area and further north within New York State,
there is no charge for any delivery above $150.00
(below $150.00, kindly add $9.50 for each delivery).

The process of ordering is quite simple. We would
prefer that you visit us at the shop so our well-
informed sales staff can assist you in friendly
fashion and in depth. If this is inconvenient, you
may phone TE 8-7500, and we will try to be as help-
ful as we can. If you prefer, there is the easy care-
free method—you will find an order form bound
within this catalogue. Fill it in at home at your
leisure, it is self-addressed and postage prepaid—
we assure you we take your mail orders seriously;
we will deliver it in accordance with your instruc-
tions as though you were here in person.

To a gay and festive holiday season!

Sherry-Lehmann, Ince.

Mary Cassatt at the Louvre in 1876. EDGAR DEGAS 679 Madison Avenue, New York, N.Y. 10021
combines etching with aquatint.

 
