 
   
   
  
  
  
   
 
    
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
   
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
  
    
      

The best of Beaujolais — Red,
White and Pink — and an ex-
traordinary fine Vine Rose from
Chateau Lascombes. Mix any
assortment of twelve and enjoy

case price.

RED WINE

——
974 BEAUJOLAIS BROUILLY 1957,
Estate Bottled, Domaine des Tours
Beaujolais at its absolute best — Estate bottled at the best
/ vineyard in the town of Brouilly — won a Grand Award
at the Paris Fair as an outstanding example of Beaujolais

produced during 1957.

355 BEAUJOLAIS BLANC 1957
Fine dry white wine from the Beaujolais district is rare
bottled example.

indeed—here is an intriguing Estate

  
 
  
   
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
   
    
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
   
    
  
 
  
  
   
  
 
   
     
  

PINK WINES

ew

432 BEAUJOLAIS ROSE 1957,
At the Domaine des Tours, they follow the practice of
bottling a small amount of Rose for their personal usc.
When at the vineyard we tasted it, and persuaded them
to send us a small annual shipment. Undoubtedly, pink

wine of France at its absolute best.

469 ROSE DE BROUZAC 1957

From Chateau Lascombes, a renowned vineyard in Mar-

gaux—exceptional breed and freshness.

Red, white and pink wine —
each is a thoroughbred. Mix a

case of any 12 at the case price

2450 of 24.50.
RED WINES

. 5 a tee vw i ‘o

420 CHATEAUNEUF DU PAPE 1955
Estate Bottled, Clos des Felibres
Towering high above the town of Chateauneuf, in the
rockiest of soil, is the remarkable Clos des Felibres vine-
yard, We spent three days in the town comparing the
wines, and we are now quite convinced that this is the best
example produced in the area. An extraordinary blend of
lustiness and elegance.

WHITE WINES

391 CHARDONNAY DE MABSANNAY 1955
Estate Bottled, Clair-Dau

A Burgundian gem made from the noble Pinot Chardonnay
grape by one of the best proprictors of the Cotes de Nuits
Exceptional breed, yet amazingly low priced.

599 POUILLY BLANC FUME 1958,
Estate Bottled, Lucien Marchand
One of the most difficult of all wines to come by because
of a large world demand and a small production, is the
delicate, dry white wine of Pouilly-sur-Loire. Iicre is a
super) example at a most attractive price.

Here are several outstanding
wines of Europe at substantial
savings! Choose any assortment
of 12 bottles at the case rate of
22.50

 
 

>

 

RED WINES

242 BEAUJOLAIS BROUILLY 1955

Cuvee Institute de Pasteur
Soft, fruity red wine from one of the best vineyards of the
Beaujolais. ‘

342 JULIENAS 1957

The northern-most town in Beaujolais is Julicnas and its
wines are the prize of gastronomic Lyon.

WHITE WINES
311 VIRE, CLOS DU CHAPITRE, 1955

Occasionally, when one is travelling in the French prov-
ences, one runs across a local wine of quite extraordinary
ene quality and eharm. This Vire of Macon is such a wine.

— Made of the Chardonnay grape as is Pouilly Fuisse, it is
dry, fresh, and an engaging white wine.

 

369 SAVIGNY LES BEAUNE 1955 ‘
Estate Bottled, Doudet-Naudin :
Considered the pleasantest medium priced Burgundy of Vj
the entire Cote d’Or. This 1955 is exceptional.

PINK WINES

462 TAVEL (Maby) 1958,

Soft, fruity, delightful color.

627 ROSE DE MARSANNAY 1957
Estate Bottled, Clair-Dau

This delightful pink wine reflects the spirit, color and
gaiety of one of the best vineyards of the Cotes de Nuits
Exceptional breed, yet amazingly low priced

A SALUTE * Fortnum
& Mason

London, the respected elder of
the world shopping centres,
claims the tradition and 252nd
Anniversary of one of its oldest
institutions — the famous
Piccadilly firm of Fortnum &
Mason. This fine old firm has
been a symbol of quality through
the reign of twelve sovereigns.
We deem it a distinct privilege
to bring their fine wines and
spirits to the discriminating
drinkers of this country.

 
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
 

acti o

FORTNUM & MASON
RED SEAL SCOTCH EN FE ON aga:
5.99 the bottle FORTNUM & MASON
68.50 the case FINE CHAMPAGNE COGNAC |
The balance, harmony, rich flavor 6.99 the bottle
and full maturity of this distin-
guished whisky will delight the 80.00 the case
most critical Scotch drinker. It A unique example of delicate dry-
ness, bouquet, and magnificence.

easily surpasses in quality many
Scotches selling at considerably An English Market Cognac ol
true distinction.

   

       
     

LBS

ak i

higher levels.
