   

priest who gave a most ceremonious cy \ Si

filling performance that may have left
the palate a bit disappointed but paid
full obeisance to the other senses. The
best beef we ate in Japan was in Matzu-
saka at the restaurant Wadakin. We were

taken to the private barns of the owner

 

and saw the cows being massaged with

great brushes after they had been well
sprayed with high-proof raw sake. Then
as an added delight, they were treated to
a couple of bottles of beer at a time. The
result is a magnificently marbled beef
which has such tenderness as you have

never known

HONG KONG, JUNE 4TH

THE NIGHT MARKET! Something
really special and weird, not duplicated
anywhere else on this planet! It is in a
poverty-stricken section of this sprawl-
ing city and goes on for blocks amidst
surging humanity and with every type
of cooking and food—there were piles of
delicious, fresh lichees, mangoes, great
strands of snakes (we watched them skin
a nice one about five feet in length),
frogs leisurely crawling in their cages
and eggs, eggs, eggs—a fabulous range of
vegetables and herbs and, of course,
noodles of every description—there were
fortune tellers reading stars, beads, cards,
palms...an exciting and even slightly

frightening experience

 

Perhaps the best meal we had in Hong
Kong was with Mary and David Dean
(who are attached to the American Con-
sulate and David is the son of Kenneth
Dean, whom many of you have known
during the last three decades at Sherry’s ).
Our lunch at Tia Tung included a su-
perbly-good shark fin soup with cheche
(the best individual dish I ate in Hong
Kong) and crab meat with tiny fresk
mushrooms covered with the roe of the
crab.

As Westerners, our party of five felt a
distinct sense of honor by being invited
to the home of a great Chinese family.
Several members of the household were
distinguished artists, and the walls of the
home were adorned by a fabled selection
of Chinese paintings that seemed to have
no connection with time as their themes
wandered back through the centuries
There was a galaxy of perfectly-prepared
dishes but our sense of appreciation be-
came dulled as we learned to play that
old Chinese game known as “Yum Sing,’
which our interpreter translated as “bot-

toms up.” It started in simple fashion

 

with Chinese wine and gradually accel-

erated until it reached Cognac—not from
the hills of China but from the famed
southwest corner of France. Everything
in the world was ‘“bottoms-upped,”
friendship between the East and _ the
West, that we have a safe voyage, that
“all-out” war be a thing of the past and
not of the future, that the “Mets” play bet-
ter baseball next year. The evening was
delightful but the memory of it now is
somewhat dulled; and the next day de-
manded a bit of a price from all heads
involved. A word of caution to all trav
elers crossing the Pacific—beware of the
friendly little game gently known as
“Yum Sing.”

In Hong Kong there is every kind of res-
taurant known to man, from French, Eng-
lish, American, Chinese, Japanese, to
Italian. There are even floating restau
rants but they also have something quite
unique and that is what’s known as “walk

ing cafeterias. The closest thing that |

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

know that resembles it in New York is
Nom Wah on 13 Doyers Street. If you
intend going to Hong Kong, look for the
Winter Garden or the Cafe de Chine,
right in the center of the city. Hundreds
of dishes paraded joyously on trays
through the rooms. As you make your
selections, they simply pile up your plate
and add it on your bill, as though they
were units fed to an adding machine
As the trays begin to pass, you can choose
martinis, sake, gin and tonic, whisky, even
Bloody Marys, complete with Smirnoff
This is followed by the first trays of
hors d’oeuvres, little steamed turnovers,
sections of crisp squab, chicken gizzards
and well-made curry, duck liver, tiny
shrimp and beef in lily leaves. The pro-
cession continues with noodle specialties,
steamed buns, deviled crab, as the trays
continue to pass in almost assembly-belt
fashion concluding with superb teas. Yet
all your selections are surprisingly reas-
onable. It is not difficult to order every-
thing you want and still emerge with a
bill of about $3.00 per person.
Those who yearn for the dignified ele-
gance of a good London hostelry, will
do well to go to the Peninsula Hotel
where they can find good thin sandwiches,
well-made drinks and _ excellent tea
brewed in the comfortable lounge, a hotel
where the service is legendary and your
room boy appears to enjoy the dignity of
a job well done. He literally won’t let you
unlock your own door and seems to be
aware, almost subconsciously of your
every need and desire. This hotel is high
on my list of one of the best hotels in
the world.

BANGKOK, THAILAND, JUNE 20TH
I shall always remember the excitement
ot the floating markets in this enchant-
ing city of Thailand, miles of canals lined
with houses, factories, temples, schools,
and always lines of sampans laden with
tropical fruits, vegetables and coconuts
Others have charcoal cookery and sell food
to the people along the route. And every
where there are people swimming and
bathing with soap...colorful, fascina-

ting and exciting. The Thais, themselves,
