 

ALL ON

MAL

 

Bottle Case
ere. oe ON AC (in Crooked Neek Bottle)... . . 25 2 tw 8 wm oe 5.79 66.50
Many of you are familiar with this excellent V.S.E.P. Cognac in its interesting crooked neck bottle. Based on replacement costs, the price will be considerably higher when

our next shipment arrives

SAMUEL JOHNSON “COFFEE HOUSE” COGNAC ... . ee ee 6 hoo

Here is a dry, English Market type of Cognac from the best soil of the district—‘‘Grande Fine Champagne”. It proudly bears the name of Samuel Johnson, the British
sage, who always considered brandy the drink for heroes. Surpasses most brandies that command over $8 the bottle

a ee i a a i ee a ew oe 6S. 79.20

Clean, distinguished, an Estate bottled Cognac that will please the most discriminating taste.

i eS CU ee a a) Bee: 91.209

We first visited this French Government firm at Arthez, dedicated to making the cleanest, best brandy of the district, with Frank Schoonmaker in 1956. Here is a remark

able spirit, untouched in cask, fully matured, and with a bouquet and smoothness that gives it great distinction, qualities not easy to come by in Armagnac

AMBLEVILLE GRANDE FINE CHAMPAGNE COGNAC V.S.E.P. . . 8.29 95.22

A superb Estate bottled Grande Fine Champagne at about the price of an ordinary Three Star Cognac. Will pass the after-dinner test beautifully. Normally $8.95.

SINGLE CASK UNBLENDED COGNAC (1934 Vintage) ......--+++++-+-+-+. %QGQ&49 108.00

Here is an authentic Estate bottled Cognac that was produced during a great vintage year. We know of no Cognac at that price level that has as much authority, balance

and true distinction. Regularly $10.25

KIRSCH D’ALSACE (Estate bottled, Alfred Hess) .......+«4-. oe a oe 9.50 108.00

It is the kind of Cherry distillate that is served proudly by a knowledgable Alsatian restaurateur who wants to offer the best

ee

A Kirsch of a quality rarely encountered
Kirsch of the countryside. Regularly $10.75

FRAMBOISE D’ALSACE (Estate bottled, Alfred Hess) . . ..... . ee rn ee

\ sheer essence—made from wild mountain raspberries in a still not much larger than a soup tureen. Remarkable for its fragrance and smoothness. It takes 15 quarts

of raspberries picked it above a 1500 foot altitude, to distill one bottle Regularly $14.25

GASTON BRIAND GRANDE FINE CHAMPAGNE COGNAC. ... .. - + + ee ee es 15.95 177.00

Justly regarded by many brandy fanciers as the best single example of great Cognac produced in France. It was distilled back in 1906 by the late Gaston Briand and has

remained in cask until the present. His widow will continue to supply this until her very limited reserves are gone

ne 6 I sce i ee a Ee 19.95 227.00

Since the early 19th Century, it has been the custom of the Hine family to set aside the best Cognac produced during a parti ularly outstanding year for their own use
iltimately to be served to honored guests. Only recently, and for the first time, Francois Hine, the managing director of this venerable firm, has consented to part with a few
Normally $24.95. Quantity limited

mbered and bears a back label relating the unique history of the contents, hand signed by a director

of these treasured bottles—each Is nun

Page Fourteen

 

i MA

OBC

One ei

 

 
