The Sherry-Lehmann ‘Chateau Wine Rack’ is
one such discovery—perfect for storage of wines
in your home. From a single unit up to a complete
wall system, it will create a library quality for your
bottles. Since these wine racks can be placed

 

either horizontally or vertically, like children’s
building blocks, their versatility allows them to
adapt to any space—whether it be in a closet, your
dining room, kitchen or cellar. The ‘Chateau Wine
Racks’ now adorn a large wall in my kitchen. They
add eye-appealing beauty, while being utilitarian.

As for proper wine glasses, they should be

 

    
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
    
 
   
   
  
 
  
   
   
   
   
   
     
   
   
     
     
       
    
     

I recall with much warmth the days immediately after World War II when I was a consultant
to Sherry-Lehmann. At that point in history, wine was not yet a familar potable—it was bourbon,
scotch, gin and vodka that dominated the drinking habits of America. We at Sherry-Lehmann,
however, did what we could to introduce Americans to the wonderful world of wine.

Now, a wine revolution has taken place. Thanks to world travel, wine columns in newspaper
and magazines, wine seminars and tastings, the role of wine on the American scene has grown
dramatically.

As is generally known and accepted, the better wines of Europe and America reach their full apex
of satisfaction when stored properly and served in gracious fashion. WINE CAVES is dedicated to
the discovery of wine accessories (and, in some instances, unique food items) which give a new
dimension and added pleasure to the joyous act of storing, serving and drinking wine. Browse
among these pages to make your own discoveries.

generous in size, delicate to the eye, and should
enhance the appearance of the wine. The glasses
from the Sherry-Lehmann Collection—offered
here by Wine Caves—are ideal in either the
16-ounce or 12-ounce size. Why not try both?

The most efficient and effective of cork-
screws | have found, is the new Screwpull. A

 

Being released in September is “The New
James Beard?’ It is a substantial tome that
contains one thousand recipes—the culmination
of my 50 years of cooking experience. I do hope

 

 

few turns of the wrist is all that is necessary to ex-
tract even the most difficult of corks—virtually no
effort is required. No wine lover should be without
one.

One of the most beautiful and useful of all wine
books is ‘The Joys of Wine; written by Clifton
Fadiman and my good friend Sam Aaron. I warn
you—it is hefty. It weighs almost nine pounds. But
it covers all the wines of the world, is replete with
four-color illustrations and pull-out wine maps of
the leading vineyards of the globe. It was featured
by the Book-of-the-Month Club—and justifyably
so. Over 70,000 copies have been sold. Here is
another MUST for the wine lover.

 

you enjoy it. It is a current Book-of-the-Month
selection and | think you will find it a perfect
addition to your cookbook library.

A toast to Wine Caves!
