Romance in Cognac

[' you are interested in the fine old Cognacs of the best growths
or districts, the story that follows should be of interest to you.
It concerns a remarkable, albeit, small collection of Cognacs
dating back to the middle of the 19th Century.

This collection was part of a “family reserve” in the estates
of distinguished distillers and vineyard proprietors in the best
of the Cognac districts. These authentic Cognacs of the last
century have been lying quietly in a deep cache on the estate.

Fortunately, they were so well secreted throughout World War II
that they were not discovered or disturbed and were known only
to the owners.

The casks, which were made of the finest Limousin oak.

fae. \ were in excellent condition. Because of the extremely fine
5 ih & zs
spe eee ‘

quality of the casks there was very little evaporation and little
refill was necessary from other casks to keep the liquid level at
een as is the customary practice. The Cognac has not

) been subjected to the addition of any sweetening, or coloring

nor any extraneous matter of any kind. The casks contained

only the finest Cognacs in their original state refined and

mellowed only by the hand of Time; and Time has dealt most

magnificently and delicately with each of them. Each Cognac

is in every sense of the word an original “Cognac Nature”.

= 5" “ — After many discussions and much arduous persuasion, we
HARWOODS finally prevailed upon the owners to part with a portion of the

collection and we are now the proud possessors of these four

beautiful Cognacs, each distinct in flavor and bouquet and each
with its own character.

Because of the fact that under the latest United States
Treasury regulations, the vintage or age of these Cognacs is not
permitted to be placed on the labels of bottles entering the
United States, it was decided to have the Cognacs imported in
“Categories” and they will be known as:

Bottle
Category No. 1 GRANDE FINE CHAMPAGNE _ $42.50
Category No. 2 GRANDE FINE CHAMPAGNE $31.
Category No. 3 GRANDES BORDERIES
Category No. 4 GRANDS FINS BOIS

23

 
