   

“VHSTING

Epiror's NOYE—Our associate, James Beard,
has been referred to by the press as “King
of the American food experts.’ Many of
you know him from our shop or from his
monthly articles on wine in “House &
Garden” and, like all people who love their
subject, he enjoys teaching. His cooking
seminars have won the plaudits of the New
York gastronomic world. His next semester
will start some time in January. Inquiries
can be addressed to Ruth Norman, 400 E.
52nd St., PL 9-2900.

WE GREET THE HOLIDAY SI!
with the largest and most exciting collec-
tion of interesting wines and spirits in
our history—all designed to help you em-

ASON

bark on a joyous tasting adventure among
the great vineyards and distilleries of the
world. Since the true wine lover is less
than faithful and does not insist on drink-
ing the same wine from day to day, no
matter how good, these pages deliberately
overflow with many “sampler assort-
ments” to further the fun and challenge
of comparative tasting.

THE WHOLE TOWN’S TALKING about
the wide range of gift possibilities that
can be found in our shop this year—an
encouraging sign to those seeking more
imaginative Christmas ideas...for ex-
ample, the vintage ports that include al-
most every year from 1877 to 1950, are
true museum treasures that can be given
as your thoughtful and personal gift on
a birthday or anniversary—or as an ex-
citing Christmas gift to commemorate a
particularly significant year that has
taken place during your friend’s lifetime
...a special bit of advice to lawyers and
friends of lawyers—we have some of the
remarkable “BARRISTER’s CHOICE
SCOTCH WHISKY” in the handsome
square bottle at only $5.49...do you
remember with fondness the great pre-
prohibition bourbon classics? If so, don’t
overlook our limited supply of Johnny
Reb 12 Year Old Kentucky Bourbon—it’s

oy eae Piece
quite in the same league and only $8.79

SHERRY WINE

AND SPIRITS CO.,

... there are wine racks and wine racks,
but I do think that far and away the most
durable and handsomest of them all is
portrayed on Page 29—filled with 12
bottles of good wine, the Wine Rack be-
comes an inspired gift idea for Thanks-
giving and Christmas...I salute the
““cellarette’”’ pictured on the next page—
inspired by the cover of André Simon’s
classic book on wine, it is a decorative
and useful object of quiet beauty that
can house your wine bottles, hold the ice
to chill them, and give your gift of wines
and spirits (especially at Thanksgiving
and Christmas), added beauty and excite-
ment.

FOR THREE DECADES wine has been a
“oood, familiar creature” to me—but
never have I experienced such a sense of
history and excitement as when, at a
recent dinner party at my home, I care-
fully pulled the corks from a bottle each
of the 1792, 1805 and 1856 Madeiras
... there was a hush among my guests as
I poured—the deep perfumed aroma, re-
leased from captivity after a century,
filled the air quickly—as we tasted, we
were all aware that we were dealing with
a minor miracle—wines that had survived
from the days of Napoleon I and John
Adams (and in britain—King George III
reigned ) and yet the vigor, which
seemed almost youthful, was unimpaired,
the bouquet lingered long, the taste was
rich, full and magnificent; and the after-
taste pleasantly remained...I have
already set aside a bottle of the 1805
Madeira, a traditional wine of the
“Colonial plantations and settlements”,
for my Thanksgiving dinner—I can
think of nothing that is more symboli-
cally correct on this glorious American
holiday.

BOTTLE BROWSING: One of the most
perfect white Burgundies I have run
across in years is the Batard Montrachet
1956. a wine of authority, from the tiny,

CONTINUES NEXT PAGE

Ine.

G79 MADISON AVE., N. Y. TEmpleton 8-73500

... Page Thirteen
