Unlike most of France, the 1968 vintage
thrived in the Beaujolais area, especially
on the hilly slopes. This was particularly
true at Chateau de la Chaize in the
famed wine growing district of Brouilly
—a vineyard that has been maintained,
from father to son, for over four cen-
turies by the Marquis de Roussy de
Sales family.

The present Marquis de Sales is a
Director of Christian Dior. He spends
each weekend with his charming wife in
the Beaujolais district, cultivating the
vines. Our good friend, Marquis de
Sales, feels close to America for he was
a volunteer in the underground when
17, was part of the Free French Forces
within the U.S. Command under General
Clark and was awarded the U.S. Army
Bronze Star Medal. His warm feeling
towards America was formalized on that
day in 1951 when he was awarded a
Master’s Degree from the Harvard
Graduate School of Business Adminis-
tration.

Heads were held high by the vignerons
of Chateau de la Chaize on that chilly
day in February when it was “Chateau
de la Chaize” that was selected at a
blind tasting in Villefranche as the best
single wine produced in 1968 in the top-
flight wine commune of Brouilly. But
when the Marquis phoned with the good
news on March Ist that they had won
the highest award at the Paris Fair, the
vignerons and their family had cause to
celebrate that weekend. No two higher
awards can be achieved by any vineyard
in Beaujolais!

Several bottles were flown to New York
so we could enjoy the wine. Our-tasting
notes read, “typical, purple-red in color,
very fruity, most attractive, full-bodied,
full flavored, sturdy. Obviously quick
maturing and can be consumed joyously
today and will retain its warm fruit and
charm for at least another year. Pos-
sibly the most agreeable Beaujolais we
have ever experienced—worthy of win-
ning a Gold Award.”

Medail|e. cor
NBR 1969

 

The Beaujolais Brouilly—Chateau de la
Chaize 1968—which is estate bottled,
will quietly arrive into the New York
harbor about April 10th to bring its en-
gaging charm to the wine lovers of New
York. This first shipment is not a large
one—the early enquiries indicate a sell
out before the end of April. We there-
fore suggest that you place your order
NOW-—so that you can be “‘the first on
your block’—or, for that matter, the
first in the United States—to taste the
1968 vintage on this side of the Atlantic
and to experience it at its very best.

Also available in half bottles at
$1.54 each, $33.15 the case of 24.

 
