 

ICE

Case

1.50

00

00

19

79

50

=
wt

 

h

a
Wn

Cr

Oo

Uo

WHITE BURGUNDIES
POUILLY VINZELLES 1956

Estate Bottled, Caves Les Grand Cru
An uneven year which turned out surprisingly good—particularly in Pouilly. A wine
of breed—pale, green-gold, fresh and clean.

Vines CLOS OU CMAPIIRE, 1955.0 ks Bee mi ee

Estate Bottled, J. Depagneux
Made of the Chardonnay grape as is Pouilly Fuisse, this Vire of Macon is dry
fresh, and engaging. One of the happiest discoveries of our recent trip.

POUILLY FUISSE, BEAUREGARD, 1955... . . . x

Estate Bottled, J. Burrier
Very dry, slightly austere, a product of one of the best vineyards in the area, and
well made by the master grower, Burrier.

PULIGNY MONIRACHE! 1935... CC

Estate Bottled, J. Bavard

A great vintage year, and an exceptionally trustworthy producer, combined to
produce this fine white Burgundy. Offered at remarkably low cost. Dry, fine, with
plenty of body, here is a 1955 worthy of the great name it bears. 7

CHASLIS BULIBAUA 1953 ... rt Ci

Estate Bottled, R. Monin
Here is an authentic Estate-bottled Premier Cru Chablis. It has all of the crispness,
and clean austerity associated with great Chablis. A real bargain.

MEURSAULT PERERIEAUS 1935 .-. 2 Uc eee

Estate Bottled, R. Ampeau

The Perrieres vineyard is universally ranked as Meursault’s best—its wines have a
delicacy, finesse, and class which most of the neighboring vineyards never achieve.
Here is a true aristocrat at surprisingly low cost.

CHABLIS, LES PREUSES, 1955

Estate Bottled, M. Servin
Here is a wine from one of Chablis’ seven tiny “Grand Cru” vineyards, Estate bottled
by Marcel Servin, an exceptional producer. There is very little of this precious wine
and soon it will be gone.

BATARD MONTRACHET [955 . 2... 5

Estate Bottled, J. Bavard

Only a narrow country lane separates Batard Montrachet from its greater and more
celebrated brother, Montrachet itself, “Le Grand.” It would indeed take an expert to
distinguish infallibly between the two wines, and yet the Batard is easier to find,
and not quite so fabulously expensive.

CHEVALIER MONTRACHET 1955

Estate Bottled, J. Bavard ;
Up the slope, just beyond Le Montrachet, can be found the 15 acre Chevalier Montra-
chet vineyard. Second only to, and hardly distinguishable from, its neighbor which
is considered the greatest single dry white wine of all France. For those who insist
on one of the most glorious of the white wines of France and yet do not want to
pay the price of Grand Montrachet, we recommend this enthusiastically

CORTON CHARLEMAGNE 1955

Estate Bottled, Chapuis ; a ye
Perhaps the elusive white wine of all France to come by is Certon Charlemagne
grown in the smallest quantity on the steepest of slopes. You will be delighted by
its depth of flavor, indisputable distinction and subtle bouquet.

LE MONTRACHET 1955

Estate Bottled, J. Bavard F: Le

A tiny bit of soil called “Le Montrachet” whose stone wall gives it a look of a
cemetery, produces what many believe to be the greatest white wine on earth. Its
18 acres does not nearly meet the werld demand and we must use all our persuasion
to obtain the few cases that we can offer. Here 1s a great wine and a true rarity—the

ultimate in white Burgundy.

 

SALE PRICE

Bottle

1.69

1.99

aon 9

b.69

3.99

  

         
     
      
      
  
    
   
 
 
 
 
  

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
