 

Other Gift Containers

Undoubtedly, the most imaginative, the most unique
and the best value of all of the containers that we offer

is the OLD-FASHIONED NEW ENGLAND CURRIER
& IVES PINE BUCKET (our comparative shoppers
tell us the Bucket retails for $18.00 or more. However,
it is yours to embellish your selection of wines and
spirits for only $9.75. The bucket will remain as a
decorative object in the household long after the con-
tents have been joyously consumed).

There is no extra charge for the wrapping of your
selection if it is sent in our standard, attractive gift
carton. In addition to the New England bucket, we
list six other attractive containers that you can choose
from. All have been carefully selected—simply specify
which one pleases you the most—and your choice of
wines and spirits will be delivered in your favorite

container.

[ Kana kee
Li satis

THERMOS KARRY-KEG holds up to 6
bottles. It can also hold intact 300 ice cubes
for 24 hours—very efficient. Retails regularly
for over $10.00. Make your selection and add
only $5.75.

 

“TE CAN-CAN” can add gaiety and charm to
your selection of wines and spirits. Made of
metal, with vivid, full-color reproduction of
the famed Toulouse-Lautrec poster. It holds
from six to twelve bottles. Add only $5.50
for “Le Can-Can.”

THE SAVOY LUGGAGER is the ideal gift
container to send to a traveling man. It is
lightweight, will hold a suit and wardrobe,
and there is an additional outer pocket for
papers. Retails regularly for over $10.00.
Pick 4 to 6 bottles of your choice—add only

$6.95.

The JAMES BEARD WINE RACK is now
acknowledged as the classic container for
storing of wine. Made of sturdy wood and
metal, it possesses a ‘library’ quality and can
last a lifetime. Sells for $17.50 at most stores.
PICK ANY 12 BOTTLES OF WINE in this
catalog and add only $9.75 for ‘James Beard
Wine Rack.’

 

WICKER HAMPERS are traditional as gift
containers for wines and spirits during the
holiday season. From two to six bottles,
kindly add $6.75; from seven to twelve bot-
tles, kindly add $9.75.

THE BLUE SLATE TOTE BAG is the rage
of Paris and will soon be the ‘in’ carrying
bag of the New York area whether it be for
shopping, on the beach, for trips, or for the
business man and University scholar to carry
his papers, books, and magazines home in
carefree fashion. Retails in department stores
for over $15.00. Holds up to 6 bottles—make
your selection—add only $7.50.

 
