    
      
      
      
     
   
     
     
   
   
     
   
     
     
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
  
    
     
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
   

The Wine and Spirtt Center of New rvork

GALLIQUE
$289 bottle

 
  
  
 

    
  

 
  

blend of Gench
Oe ai yo

  

atter Cotte”

 

Just as Mark Spitz is the rising meteor in the
international world of swimming champion-
ships, ‘Kir’ or ‘Vin Blanc Cassis’ suddenly
dominates the galaxy of apéritifs. ‘Kir’ has
been the rage of French restaurants for al-
most a decade. Now, in New York, we can
hardly go to good French restaurants such
as Lutéce, La Grenouille, Quo Vadis, Veau
d’Or, Caravelle, Cote Basque, or Le Mistral,
without being aware that almost everyone,
before dinner, is ordering ‘Kir.’ Even at the
excellent ‘‘21’’ Club, Four Seasons, and
Maxwell’s Plum, it has become the ‘in’ drink.
Basically, it consists of 4 oz. of good dry
white wine mixed with 1 oz. of Créme de
Cassis (Black Currant Liqueur)—light, fruity,
delicious, and zestful.

Peter Sichel, world-famous wine authority,
after two years of research in France, did
learn how to make KIR GALLIQUE, which is
the perfect blend of good dry white wine and
Créme de Cassis. Mr. Sichel has persuaded
his friends to constantly keep a bottle of
‘Kir Gallique’ in their home refrigerators,
ready to serve at a moment’s notice. Being
mathematicians by nature, we have discov-
ered, happily enough, that it costs less to do
it the ‘Kir Gallique’ way, than buying the
costly ingredients, (about $8.00 for the
Créme de Cassis), and doing it on your own.

The price? only $2.89 the bottle, and there is
further economy if you buy a full case at
$33.75.

A NOBLE HOLIDAY DUET

Your choice of

BENEDICTINE or ‘B and B’

The cry of ‘Eureka’ filled the air about the year
1510 at a Benedictine monastery in Fécamp,
France. It was during that period that Dom
Bernardo Vincelli discovered the secret of
making ‘Benedictine’ which was designed to
fortify and restore the spirits of the weary
monks. Shortly thereafter, this delicious
liqueur found favor with Francis | who discov-
ered it when he passed through the region in

1534.

During the 19th Century, the formula fell into
the hands of Monsieur Alexandre Le Grand
and his family have since been trusted to pre-
serve the formula. The ecclesiastical inscrip-
tion D.O.M., which means ‘Deo Optimo
Maximo’ still is carried on every bottle of both

‘Benedictine’ and ‘B and B’.

Portrayed here is our associate Michael
Aaron and Peter Sichel, happily enjoying
Kir Gallique. Peter Sichel likes it au naturel
or else, ‘on-the-rocks’—Michael likes it with
a sliver of lemon, adding dryness and re-
freshing acidity.

Why is it called ‘Kir’? Many of us are aware
of the famed French Resistance hero Canon
Felix Kir. He was indeed a remarkable priest
because he was a head of the French Re-
sistance during World War Il, ultimately
honored by the populace by being elected
Mayor of Dijon and a member of the French
Parliament. The vignerons and peasants of
Burgundy loved him with such intensity that
they changed the name of their beloved
beverage ‘Vin Blanc Cassis,’ to ‘Kir,’ honor-
ing him during his life time. The name per-
sists, and its devotées multiply annually.

 

Renowned wine authority. Peter Sichel with
our associate, Michael Aaron, happily im-
bibing KIR GALLIQUE.

 

9C

 

Note the delightful holiday wrapping. Historic-
ally and symbolically most Suitable as a

Christmas gift.

Your choice of either — Below 10.90
