  
 
 
 
  

/intage
forth.
and we
quest)
of this
on and

crop
e. But
rowing
irished
ith re-
though
trated,
he °59s
t long-
nd are
‘great-
: cellar
yithout

IGE
Case

)2.55

ur. Thus,
s achieved
ortunately

10 where

5.80

tor Louis,
mily who
on among
relatively

5.80

ngle wine
ywned by
Treasury.
quality by
orities of
this 1961

yux Wine
bring out

12.50

grazed on
yw owne

the vine-
" cabernet
full, with

5.00

lace 10
7 world.
, Mouton.
afite bas

horse
_guishidg

 
 

of the 1962 & 1961 vintages

We have just returned from a “cellar-to-cellar” visit in Bur-
gundy. In none of the better ones could we find any ’62s or ’61s
for sale. They are now all gone and are only served proudly
by the proprietors for their more important dinner parties.
Some of these Burgundian glories still remain in our cellars,
and as you can see, there are not too many of them, we doubt
that any will last until Christmas.

We can state loudly and clearly that the °62s represent the best
of years for present drinking, have developed beautifully, and
superbly balanced. The inherent bouquet and finesse are now
apparent. As for the ’61s, we must shout “Bravo” and salute.
The production in 1961 was half of normal which resulted in a
concentration of all of the good elements thus making for
greater longevity and greater quality. It is the 61s, and no other
recent vintage, that will still continue to be great, great wines
20 years hence.

1962 VINTAGE SALE PRICE

No. Bottle Case

572 SANTENAY, CLOS DE
TAvaus .. .... . | 88. 32.30

Light, fast-maturing, extraordinarily fruity. Priced considerably below
red Burgundies that are not intrinsicaly better but enjoy the advantage
of more familiar names. This comes from the best vineyard in Santenay.
A perfect warm weather red wine.

775 VOLNAY CHAMPANS .. 4.79 51.75

Estate Bottled, Marquis d’Angerville

This is truly a connoisseur’s reward in great Burgundy. It comes from
the choicest vineyard of Volnay; it is produced by Volnay’s most
impeccable grower, Marquis d’Angerville. Merits present acquisition
while still available.

266 GRANDS ECHEZEAUX . . 4.99 53.90

Estate Bottled, Gouroux Freres

Here is a really fine 62 that has come around; its bigness rounded by
time. Ready to claim the honor it deserves and bring its full cheer,
warmth and character to the appreciative drinker.

255 VOSNE ROMANEE,

LA GRANDE RUE. ... 8.95 96.65

Estate Bottled, H. Lamarche

We will repress our desire to wax poetic and simply quote from Frank
Schoonmaker’s Encyclopedia “‘the wine of La Grande Rue is altogether
astonishing ; produced by old vines and in extremely small quantity, it is
unsurpassed, perhaps even unequalled, by Romanée Conti, Richebourg
and La Tache. It would be impossible to give higher praise.”

+ Done fy

1961 VINTAGE

SALE PRICE
No. Bottle Case

174 SAVIGNY °°. 5 NO ee eee

Confrerie des Chevaliers du Tastevin

We factually give the heritage of this wine and let you judge for
yourself—-““This Savigny was carefully nurtured from the day the
grapes were picked by M. Trinquet, a world-famous wine authority
who has been head of the Vinicultural School of Beaune for some 30
years. His pupils include all the top vintners who are making wine in
Burgundy today. As further endorsement, Frank Schoonmaker
recently tasted these wines, found them uniquely outstanding. They then
received the accolade of being enthusiastically accepted by the tasting
panel of the Confrerie des Chevaliers du Tastevin. The bottle now
bears the label of ‘Confrerie du Tastevin’.’’

5045 CORTON MARECHAUDES 5.99 64.70

Estate Bottled, Prince de Merode

Unquestionably the greatest red wine of the Cote de Beaune. It also has
the added important endorsement that it comes from the remarkable
well-tended property of the Prince de Merode, who is the nephew of
the King of Belgiurn. It will live many, many more years.

1018 CORTON PERRIERES .. 5.99 64.70

M., Quenot

Mr. Quenot, who has long been Mayor of the town, is a grower of
meticulous craftsmanship. A truly noble wine, this Corton has a firm-
ness of body, balanced by a soft finish and lingering bouquet.

286 CLOS LA ROCHE,
VIELLES VIGNES. .. . 6.79

Estate Bottled, H. Ponsot

This wine comes from that portion of the Clos de la Roche vineyard
that is only occupied by old pre-phylloxera vines that survived the
plague of the late 19th Century. This fact makes an important difference
—you need merely taste it and you will know. It surpasses in power and
depth any Chambertin we have ever tasted.

74.75

5076 MUSIGNY 17.50 189.00

Estate Bottled, Comte de Vogue

This wine is only in our cellars because our good friends the Comte de
Vogue and Michel Dreyfus, the importer, combined to make 8 cases
available to us. The wine is nothing, short of fantastic. It makes a
serious bid towards being considered the best Burgundy either you or
we have ever tasted.

  

  
 
