 

The world demand for good table wine
increases annually at a much greater rate
than the growth of the population, or
the capacity of vineyards to supply good
wine. Since the law of supply and de-
mand is quite valid, this means that a
Chateau Lafite soars to astronomic fig-
ures, a good red Burgundy becomes
fairly costly, and a superior Beaujolais
can no longer be obtained for $2.00 the

Spain—the acknowledged source of
some of the best values in honest table
wine from anywhere on the globe.

We bring to your attention a red, white
and rosé produced by RENE BARBIER,
a French family that started to grow
wine almost a century ago in the Pinades
region of Catalonia, among the hills be-
hind Barcelona. Each of these wines

    

bottle. carries the enthusiastic approval of the
importer, Mr. Frederick Wildman, Jr.,
who has now lived in Spain for many
years, and knows the wines of that coun-

  
 
 

If a wine lover drinks wine daily, and
doesn’t want to spend more than $2.00
the bottle, where can he turn? Some of

  
 
  
  

ee

“ENE BARBIE

   

oe it can be found in California, certainly try well. Below we list the three wines,
= in the less well-known vineyards of the with the description of each supplied by
world, and surely it can be found in Mr. Wildman:
—A hardy three-bottle No. Bottle Case

container containing one each of the
wines described above (no extra
charge for container). Send one to a
friend as an interesting low-cost gift—
| send one to yourself, so you can ex-
perience all three of these excellent

Light red wine of elegance, subtlety and finesse—an ideal companion for beef,
lamb and roast fowl.

 

Refreshing light dry white wine, without any trace of the heavy “gout de terroir” so
Spanish wines. The total cost com- often found in Spanish white wines; charming wine with a slight fruity after-taste.
plete, including container, is...

well with nearly everything, and is happiness itself for light luncheons and suppers.

NOTE—If you send three containers, or combine it with any order which exceeds $15.00, to any address throughout the vast United Parcel zone,
there is no charge for delivery. If you order a single container, but your order doesn’t exceed $15.00, kindly add $1.50 delivery charge.

 

Charnes ¢)
Dstate.bo

Wine-of-the-Month From Alsace

  

Manel Pon

The ancient French province of Alsace,
bordering the Rhine River, is proud of
the excellence of its picturesque vine-
yards that cover the lower slopes of the
Vosges Mountains from Mulhouse to
Strasbourg. Shipped in slender, attrac-
tive flute bottles, the wines are named
after noble grape varieties, such as
Sylvaner, Riesling and Traminer. Stop
any citizen of Alsace, and he will tell you
that the best wines of his beloved coun-
tryside are produced by the ancient firm

of HUGEL, a family that has concen-

trated on producing top-flight Alsatian
wines for over three centuries.

We are aware that some Alsatian wines
command a slightly lower price than
those of HUGEL, but our comparative
tastings indicate that it is surely worth
spending a few pennies more to experi-
ence such outstanding excellence. At
$1.99 the bottle, Hugel’s Sylvaner would
rank high among wine that commands
much more. For a more complex experi-
ence, the wine lover should move on to
Hugel’s Riesling and Traminer. Here are
three that we strongly recommend:

Fresh, light, fruity, agreeable—dry and fragrant.

Bottle Case

Because of dryness and finesse, in our opinion, probably the most useful white wine of Alsace, since it goes so well with most menus.

 

Pronounced aroma

30

soft, shows a trace of sweetness, very flowery and dramatic to the palate.

 

D,
i

Wnoud Vy.

 
