   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
      
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
   
 
 
 
     

1. mM. RIVERO SHERRI OS ON Pare
An outstanding opportunity to acquire the fine wines of the oldest Sherry house in Jerez.

These are not ordinary Sherries produced by a lesser firm of Jerez. Rather they

“ are the proud, fully matured and carefully selected wines of the venerable house

, = of Rivero — the oldest Sherry maker of all Spain, established in the early 17th

a century. J.M. Rivero has happily provided us with this selection, one that offers
Bie the appreciative Sherry fancier some of Spain's finest fortified wines. The prices,
ty it is easy to see, are astonishingly low.

Su No matter which of these four Rivero Sherries that you choose, you will experience
Nise fy. | the 'best of class' at a cost that would delight even a thrifty Spaniard. Please

Nap | place your order promptly, before our stock of these remarkable wines is exhausted.

 
  
 

sei) Aton <3 . j i #
i we = “ .e EST BSHRE Met Ain j j 4 J
3 4 * { i ;
~ oy x | 3 SOLERA VIEJA)
4 m Foray EE SERS } U% oe “y 2 Zz eee

  
 
   
 

SHERR

ANT

     
 
 

 

 

    
 

 

 

| Je DELATRONTESS JEREZ DE LATRONTERA
SALE -- Now
ise Bot tle Case
1239 FINO JEREZ Awad 34,10
Light, dry, delicate wine; pale straw-colored with
the typical, unmistakable bouquet of a Fine =
L,! slightly reminiscent of almonds. The aperitif wine
of Spain.
1240 'CARRASCAL' CREAM 3.49 B73 00
The richer and older of the Olorosos bear the name
mn 'cream,' a nomenclature that developed in Bristol,
England. Much age and character, medium dry and
| dramatically rich.
ee 1240 FINO MANTECOSO 3.99 45.50
Lightest of all Sherries. Dry, crisp, and definitely
an appetizer. A byword in Spain where it is ex-
as 65 tremely popular with the younger set,
12472 TRAFALGAR 1809 6390 To fa
Dark, golden, with great body. Acollector's item.
nf Bottled from the original soleras established with
pL barrels seized by the British at Trafalgar and bought

by Sefior Rivero at public auction in 1805;
