    
 
  

SAM AARON,

ty-Lehmann Inc

 

herry-Lehmann, Inc.
as full of flavor ee
Make the volume a
ed the famed Photog.
of the world to bring

‘its being prepared,

, Burgundy, Cognac,
holic beverages, you
e than one hundred
iritas, to Irish Coffee,
u will even be given

ny the cocktail hour.

814"x11”", 208 pages,
also get a 96-page,
portfolio that holds
gift-giving. We were
nes & Spirits have
ns in eight different
y critics are of the
pictorial beauty and
r contribution to the

x since ‘the invention

Vineyards

Book:

One ot
Krance §
Noblest

Talleyrand’s home
and vineyard...during
The Congress of Vienna.

We have just returned from a most rewarding week’s stay at Chateau
Haut Brion. At no vineyard is the sense of history more evident than at
Chateau Haut Brion, the home of Talleyrand, the distinguished diplomat
who represented France at the Congress of Vienna. Today, this glorious
vineyard is the proud property of the family of Clarence Dillon, and is
often visited by his son, Hon. Douglas Dillon, formerly the Ambassador
to France and Secretary of the Treasury. The property is directed by a

‘cousin, the genial Seymour Weller and managed by the dedicated and

knowledgeable Jean Delmas.

Listed on this page one can find some of the greatest examples of claret
produced in Bordeaux during our generation and for those who wish to
experience the breed and finesse of Chateau Haut Brion at relatively
modest cost, we unhesitatingly recommend the Chateau Bahans Haut
Brion and the Haut Brion produced in the less fashionable, but surpris-
ingly good, years such as 1965, 1963, and 1960. It has long been estab-
lished that Chateau Haut Brion of a not dramatically great year provides
better wine than a lesser vineyard of a great year.

Haut Brion

CHATEAU HAUT BRION BLANC

A small portion of Chateau Haut Brion is dedicated to the
production of an exceptional dry white wine—the best of
Bordeaux, and one of the great white wines of the world.
It is much sought after by wine lovers everywhere and is not
easy to come by. This 1967 is entirely s=7 95
remarkable and early acquisition is sug- ~ 45 ” Bottle

gested before our limited quantity is © =
depleted. SHOQso CASE

The wine will not reach us until September and we will deliver
at that time. Based on our experience, every bottle will be
spoken for before this Autumn, and in order to insure that you
get any bottles at all, we urge purchasing now.

 
   

  

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     

31
