 

Case

39.75
aces at
tgrad.

39.75
by the

39,75
ty and

42.75
1 Hall,

| for a

55.75
thirty
Cyril's
VES it,
Below
70.51
vith a

Hall.

Below
79.51
trom

 

 

The Legislative Body—a lith

  
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
    

  
     

ograph executed by HONORE DAUMIER in 1834. Daumier first m

bers in clay, and from them he composed this memorable print. He di

odeled small busts of the legislative mem-

d not bestow excessive kindness in portraying these venerable gentlemen.

Clifton Fadiman, in his penetrating book ‘Party of One’ comments,
“Cheese is milk’s leap towards immortality.” Our paraphrased ver-
sion reads, “Wine is the gtape’s leap towards immortality.” The art
lover would respond with “Great gtaphic art is paint’s and pen’s
achievement of immortality.” The more eternalized position of the

art lover is presumably based on the fact that canvas and paper can
outlive even the most long-lived of wines

Perhaps it is the immortality of art and the presumptuous bid for
equal deathlessness on the part of wine that may have inspired
Clifton Fadiman to volunteer to write this brochure’s introduction.
Whatever may be the cause of his generosity in so doing, we are
grateful—and we hope our readers share our affection for his
winged prose. Wine strives for finesse and character, and so does
art—and so does the written word.

There are those among us, when the winds blow hard outside, that
will simply never consider drinking anything less than a famed
chateau or estate-bottling. And yet, we happily report that it is
these very same people, so dedicated to excellence, who enthusias-
tically adjust to the simple pieasures of a Beaujolais, once the
temperature rises. Those who have become habituated to ‘Scotch-
on-the-Rocks,’ readily accept the more dilute and cooling ‘Scotch-
and-Soda.’ And, of course, the cooling white wines and vin rosé
equally come into their own—and many temporarily abandon
Bourbon and Scotch and turn to rum, gin and vodka—the thirst-
quenching ingredients for the seasonal tall, refreshing drinks.

For almost four decades, Sherry-Lehmann has consistently sold
wines and spirits to its ever-growing clientele at the lowest possible
Prices. This summer of 1971 brings a special kind of challenge to
us, because inflationary pressures have made many of our devotees
Cost-conscious. It is our resolution that we maintain their happy
fame of mind towards out shop by combining intrinsic quality
with budget-pleasing low cost.

Many of you will now have a second residence for the Summer,
whether it be the week-end or vacation. WE BRING YOU GOOD
NEWS! Should your retreat be anywhere out on Long Island, or in
Westchester, Rockland or Orange Counties, our values can follow
you—for our delivery service is remarkably speedy—and there is no
charge whatsoever for this amazing service on any order over $15!
Some of you will be going further upstate to such delightful vaca-
tion spots as the Adirondacks, the Finger Lakes, the Thousand
Islands, or a fishing camp near the Canadian border—no matter
how remote, here again you can count on prompt delivery service
—and we happily report that there is no charge on any order that
exceeds $50. We repeat—why not let our values follow you this
Summer?

We lift our glasses to our friends and clientele in a toast to a gay
ana festive Summer!

SPEEDY SUMMER DELIVERY SERVICE
ANYWHERE IN NEW YORK STATE

: No charge for delivery within vast U.P.S. zone on
orders of $15 or more. This includes Long Island, Westchester, and most
of Rockland County. Below $15, kindly add $1.50 for delivery charge.

(but within New York State): No charge for delivery
up to the Canadian border on orders of $50 or more. Below $50, kindly
add $5.00 for each shipment.

Open until 7 p.m. daily including Saturday.

SALES TAX: Within New York City, kindly add appropriate sales tax.

  
   
  
   
  
   
  
    
   
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
   
    
    
   
  
  
   
     
  
 
   
 
 
 
 
 

Printed by ATWATER PRESS — 3/71

  
