 

    

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

SPAIN. Red Rioja, bearing Riscal and C.V.N.E. labels, in Madrid’s 237-year-old Botin Restaurant.

HOLIDAY
HANDBOOK

The Small Wines of Europe

Text and Guide by Frank Schoonmaker

The unassuming vintages of Spain, Portugal, Switzer-
land and Austria can be surprisingly good.

We, at SHERRY’S, present this stimulating reprint from the
January 1962 issue of the cosmopolitan HOLIDAY magazine
in the belief that it is the responsibility of the wine and liquor
merchant, not only to sell, but to do all that he can to further

the art of good living.

™ There comes a moment in every traveler’s
life when the pleasantest thing in the world
is to throw away the guidebooks and head for
some quiet corner, preferably in the sun,
where there are no museums, no cathedrals,
no three-star “sights,” nothing that you “must
see” and don’t dare miss—a place in which to
relax and enjoy yourself.

; This is about the way even the most con-
firmed wine lover and wine drinker feels
when he crosses the frontier of Spain, or

Portugal, or Switzerland, or Yugoslavia, or
Austria, or even, to some extent, Italy. The
vintage charts go out the window. No more
wine waiters hovering over your shoulder at
dinnertime. No more wine lists to be studied
and taken seriously. You just relax and enjoy
yourself—with wine.

You'll find wine everywhere—in little glass
‘arafes on the table at a quarter a throw, or
brought automatically by the waiter at no
extra charge, or served with fruit out of a

SHERRY WINE & SPIRITS CO., INC. » 679 MADISON AVENUE, N.Y. 21 TEmpleton 8-7500

pitcher in the form of sangria, or in a tumbler
with ice and soda. It will be young, of course,
and often nameless, but it will be very drink-
able, good with food, inexpensive, no trouble
at all.

I can still remember the shocked incred-
ulity of Catalan friends on the Costa Brava
when I assured them that wine, in the United
States, cost more a gallon than gasoline—
from their point of view an astonishing, al-
most indecent state of affairs. The Ritz Hotel
in Barcelona, as recently as two years ago,
still listed one local wine at 30 cents a bottle,
less than mineral water. In the better res-
taurants of Zurich you can sample six good
Swiss wines for a dollar—a little pitcher or a
big glass of each; and the Portuguese drink
more table wine per capita than even the
French, nearly a hundred times as much as
we do. Wine is as present at table in most of
these countries as bread, and yet there is no
problem of alcoholism. “No nation,” said
Thomas Jefferson, “is drunken where wine is
cheap.”

Understandably but unfortunately, few if
any of these little local wines ever get bottled
and labeled, let alone shipped to the United
States. The wines that are shipped here I
give in a check list elsewhere. But in speak-
ing of the vintages of Switzerland or Spain,
for example, it would be absurd to ignore the
ones that travelers find generally served in
most restaurants.

Perhaps the first thing that an American
traveler must realize is that an “open,” un-
labeled wine is not necessarily to be under-
rated or despised. It may turn out to be like
the crisp, delicious bread of France, which is
often carried around unwrapped on bicycles
and yet tastes better than what we get, pre-
sliced and sani-wrapped, from our industrial
bakeries. It will certainly go well with the
local food. The same is true of many wines
which, though bottled and labeled, are prac-
tically unknown outside their province of
origin—rustic, hometown favorites, fondly
believed by their makers to be better than
Johannisberger or Chateau Latour. These are
almost always interesting and far from bad,
though hardly ever of real big-league class;
and with them you can experiment as much
as you like by setting up a small private wine
tasting at your table, at insignificant cost.

SPAIN

Since Spain ranks third, behind France
and Italy, in total wine production among
countries of the world, it is perhaps as good
a place as any to begin. Most of us, when
Spanish wine is mentioned, think first of
Sherry—yet Sherry is possibly the least typi-
cally Spanish of Spanish wines. The majority
of it is produced for export; a bottle costs
more in Spain than a bottle of brandy; it is
the standard apéritif—what might be called
the dry Martini or the Scotch-on-the-rocks—
of the well-to-do; and it would be a safe guess
that fewer than 10 per cent of Spaniards
drink it regularly.

The Sherry that Spaniards prefer is an
especially light, pale, very dry sort, which
has never been popular in America, called
Fino, and pronounced fee-no. Fino is even
dryer, lighter and lower in alcohol (rarely
over 17 per cent) in Spain than when pre-
pared for export, and every major Sherry
house has its brand—the Tio Pepe (which
means “Uncle Joe”) of Gonzalez Byass being
most famous. In better cafés it is served
chilled, in small, stemmed, tulip-shaped
glasses called chatos (which means “stubby,”
or “snub-nosed” ), and tapas almost invari-
ably come with it. Tapas are a miniature,
Spanish version of our own pre-Prohibition-

Hl

   
