 

Sam Aaron is President of Sherry-
Lehmann Inc., the prestigious wine shop
in New York City; co-author of “How to
Eat Better For Less Money” with Jamés
Beard; lecturer on wine at Cornell Univer-
sity; proud owner of the highest civilian
award of the French government for his
wine knowledge: “Ordre National du
Mérite.”

Excerpts from the informative, lengthy
article that appears in a current HOUSE
BEAUTIFUL, written by our associate, Sam
Aaron, are quoted below. We wish to ex-
press our appreciation to HOUSE BEAU-
TIFUL for the privilege of reproduction.

Ho years ago the United States was
still “dry”; 30 years ago our interna-
tional reputation as drinkers was
based primarily upon the consump-
tion of an impressive array of ingeni-
ous cocktails that involved gin, apple-
jack, fruit juices, syrups, sweet cream,
and liqueurs. Since then a happy revo-
lution has quietly taken place, and
Americans are turning toward the
consumption of wine—European and
American — in ever larger numbers.
Since 1960, our population has risen
at a modest annual rate of 2 percent
while the consumption of table wines
has averaged an increase of a phenom-
enal 15 percent per year.

This should be a source of gratifica-
tion to us all. Distilled alcohol is pleas-
ant stuff, to be sure. A good bourbon or
Scotch warms the veins and sharpens
the appetite. But wine is something
else. The fermented juice of the grape
is one of God’s gifts to man, frequently
mentioned in the Bible and generally
taken to be one of the surest signs of
civilization, Savages may drink; they
do not, however, tend with care and
love their vines and savor the bouquet
of their wines. Bonum vinum laetificat
cor homini—“Good wine rejoices the
heart of man”—a noble saying of the
Romans, whose sentiment we can
adopt wholeheartedly, despite the fact
that their favorite Falerian wine was
mixed with spices, honey, and amber-
gris, a brew which most of us would
9 have found a little overpowering. But

 

HOW TO BUILD

A WINE LIBRARY

 

fashions change. The important
change today is that thousands of
American homes are being equipped
with wine cellars.

Note that by “wine cellar” I do not
necessarily mean a dark, damp cave,
lined as far as the eye can see with
stately casks and dusty bottles. No, I
mean that the man or woman of the
house has developed an affection for
wine and some interest in the subject
and has decided to acquire at least 30
bottles, let us say, of good table wine,
red and white, perhaps from Cali-
fornia, perhaps—more ambitiously—
from Burgundy, Bordeaux, and the
Rhine.

What are the practical reasons for
building up your library of wine? To
begin with, you will have the eternal
pleasure of intelligently interpreting
wine lists and wine literature. And if
you are interested in the future gen-
eration, you can, if you wish, gather a
collection of wines to leave your chil-
dren, who will toast your wisdom in
being so thoughtful.

Beyond these emotional reasons,
there is an economic justification. If
you buy wines when they are young
and allow them to reach their full ma-
turity, their value often rises astro-
nomically. A case of Chateau Lafite
Rothschild 1959 was $50 in 1962; $200
in 1965; $500 in 1970; and now com-
mands over $1,000 the case, even in
Bordeaux.

It is unlikely that you will want to
make a habit of investing in wine for
profit, although it can sometimes be
more secure than the stock market.
But you can, at any rate, use this as an
argument for doing something which
is pleasant and rewarding for its own

sake, if you are accused of succumbing
to luxury.

In any case, by investing $100 in a
library of wine, you will have the fol-
lowing advantages:

1. No need to call your wine mer-
chant at the last minute to acquire a
bottle or two, chosen in haste and at
random, for a dinner party.

2. Your wine will come to the table
after a comfortable rest in your home
and not shaken en route from your
neighborhood shop.

3. And you will have the privilege
of making a leisurely choice, in your
home, to suit your mood and menu.

We live in an age of increasing lei-
sure, and the intellectual pursuit of
knowledge should be one of our aims.
Wine is part of the educated person's
knowledge. It has its own geography,
for there are vineyards all over the
world, and each one is different. Many
a wine collector has been moved to
pursue the wine trail in literal fashion
and can often be seen enthusiastically
knocking at the doors of a chateau in
Bordeaux, a wine grower in Califor-
nia, and a vigneron in Beaujolais or
on the Moselle.

You do not need to know much to
care for wine, but you should remem-
ber that wine is a living thing. It is
alive in the bottle, unlike distilled
liquors, such as bourbon, gin, and
Scotch. Its personality changes as it
ages in your home. It ripens, develops,
and improves.

Perhaps the most potent force in
preventing the widespread drinking of
wine is “wine snobbery.” This, moré
than anything else, drives people 10
beer and Coca-Cola. You do not have
to be “educated” to appreciate wine.
The possession of a library of wine:
however modest, will arm you against
intimidation by wine snobs, who may
talk much and know little.

 

     

 

 
 

t Order Form — Tear Out and Mail

ornvernter

Cc

‘evry eggE

eee eee ee eee ae wre eee eel eee ee
