 
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
   
  
 
  
  
   
 
  
 
  
    
  
 
  
    
  
  
 
  
   
  
  
 
    

  

ARRIVES IN TIME T0
BRING ITS FRUIT AND
HARM TO YOUR SUM-
ER & FALL LIVING!

The Brouilly 1973 won the Gold
and Silver Awards at both the
Macon and Paris Fairs—the first
time in French wine history that
this has occurred!

This 1973 BEAUJOLAIS BROUILLY, which made wine
history by winning the Gold Award at both the Macon and
Paris Fairs, is the proud, estate-bottled wine grown at
Chateau de La Chaize, one of the noblest and most highly
regarded vineyards of all Beaujolais. Chateau de La Chaize
has consistently been the best selling red wine in our history
—everyone loves it and comes back for more. Unlike the
lesser Beaujolais, this Grand Cru Brouilly is not bottled im-
mediately after the vintage, but in the Spring following the
vintage since it is a full, well-rounded wine of character that
requires added barrel age to bring out its full potential and
unique longevity. You will be delighted with its dramatic,
fruity, arbor-like qualities that will not only enhance your
summer living, but bring joy to your dinner table during
the Fall and Winter.

The 1972 BEAUJOLAIS VILLAGES presents an intriguing
wine story. Under French law, the grower is permitted to
use the high-ranking name ‘Brouilly’ only for a limited
quantity per acre. Anything beyond that must be demoted
and take on the lower appellation of ‘Beaujolais Villages.’
In fact, every drop here is from the Brouilly vineyard and
is indistinguishable by any comparative tasting. The bene-
factor thus is the wise consumer who is more interested in
what is in the bottle than what appears on the label. The
proprietor of Chateau de La Chaize, Marquis de Roussy de
Sales, reduced his price, and we have passed the savings on
to you. At $2.99 the bottle, $32.30 the case, our tasting
panel is of the opinion that this 1s probably the best value
in truly outstanding Beaujolais available to the American

public.
The LA CHAIZE vineyard, in the famed wine growing dis-

trict of Brouilly, has been maintained through successive
generations for three centuries by the Marquis de Roussy de
Sales family. Tradition dictates that they never compromise
with dedication and excellence.

 

La Marquise and Marquis de Roussy de Sales are smiling and happy
because they are proud of what they have gathered during their
1973 vintage at Chateau de La Chaize and are pleased that their
wine won the great distinction of being awarded the Gold Medal at
both the Macon and Paris Wine Fair.

No. Size Bottle Case

982 Bottle Beaujolais Brouilly 4973... . 3.99 44.50
The full potential of the estate is achieved
here. Here is the very wine that won the
Gold Award at the Paris and Macon Fairs.
Remarkable.

265 Bottle Beaujolais Brouilly 4972... . 3.69 39.85
Quantity limited and irreplaceable. Distin-
guished — just coming into its own — long-
lived.

292 Bottle Beaujolais Villages 1972... 2.99 32.30
From the same Brouilly vineyard. However,
due to French regulations, surplus beyond
a certain quantity must be called ‘Beaujo-
lais Villages.’ Fantastic value.

294. Pichet Beaujolais Villages 1972 . . - - 2.39
The Pichet equals 18 oz. or 23 of regular
bottle. The ideal size when a bottle is too
much and a half-bottle is not quite enough.

24 Pichets to the case. Pichets arrive in
September.

1052 Half-bottle Beaujolais Brouilly 1971 . . 1.99
The useful half-bottle—24 to case. Since
‘71 is long-lived, just coming into its Own.

51.90

44.50

ERT Gold Award winner
Gate. Xe both at the Macon
ses ast and Paris Fairs for
the best Brouilly
produced during

1973 vintage.

 
 

 

 

 

  
  

  
 

vv

DURING
has taken

iasm and |

 

 

 
