 

Editor’s Note: Many of you are familiar
with the food and wine writings of
our associate, James Beard. His recent
work, “The Fireside Cook Book,’ has just
been published by Simon & Schuster.
The first edition of 80,000 copies has
already been sold out before publica-
tion. A new edition will shortly be forth-
coming. Mr. Beard has just returned
from a wine and food tour of France’s
vineyards and restaurants. His account
follows.

N a pleasant morning in Septem-

ber, ten of us stepped into a

bus chartered for the occasion
and whirled away out of Paris. The
Paris Herald Tribune reported that
there were eight stout and two slim
members of the group. We can account
for one slim one, but the second re-
mained a mystery to the very end.

‘The tour was originally conceived
by Henri Beaugard, the French Com-
mercial Counselor in San Francisco,
who felt that the Wine and Food
Societies of the United States should
find out at first hand what the vine-
yards of France have to offer. It re-
sulted in ten of us, each interested in
wine and food, but otherwise of dif-
ferent interests and professions, touring
through the Valley of the Loire, Bor-
deaux, the Valley of the Rhone, Bur-
gundy, Alsace, and the Champagne
district. For 24 consecutive days of the
tour, we tasted, dined, and questioned
wine growers, distillers, chefs and rest-
taurateurs. That we all came through
it happy and contented, and eager for
more, is a credit to our digestive ap-
paratus, and our capacities as tasters.
The journey through the French coun-
tryside was prefaced by ten days in
Paris which were, as I look back upon
them, as delightful as any ten days
I’ve ever spent.

R

Paris

ERE are some of the memories

that remain with me the
perpetual beauty of the city, especially
in September with Fall flowers, and
the early Autumnal colors creeping
into the leaves... the joy of Parisian
restaurants where one seems able to
find perfection in the large and the
small ones alike, and where every mor-
sel of food seems to taste better. My
favorites—well, that is a hard job—
but let me jot down a few. To me the
two greatest are Laperouse and Max-
im’s . . . small places such as Allard,
Restaurant de la Boule d’Or and La
Savoie, where one dines fantastically
well .. . the delight of dining out of
doors in such places as Coq Hardy, La
Mediteranee . .. memorable times with
the Dolfi family whose remarkable
Eau-de-Vie de Framboise and Mira-
belle are becoming more and more

 

   

TAURANTS
‘AND VINEYARDS

  
  

known in this country .. . the exciting
tasting and luncheon arranged by M.
Vaudable of Maxim’s for Jeanne
Owen, the executive secretary of the
Wine and Food Society . the en-
lightening gastronomical map of Paris
compiled by Alexander Watt of Paris
Vogue which is the perfect guide for
anyone who wishes to find the top
restaurants in Paris. The ten days
passed all too quickly and soon we were

headed South for the Loire Valley.

Lotre Valley
HREE days in the Loire Valley

gave us a chance to taste a goodly
variety of the wines of this particular
vicinity, many of which are unknown
in this country. The delightful white
wine known as Sancerre, which com-
bines so well with fish and shellfish,
is one of these. Another wine, little
known, but which has great charm and
character, is a Pouilly Fume. Both of
these are unusual in this district be-
cause they are of a quality of dryness
which one customarily associates with
a Burgundy or Cotes du Rhone.
Neither are of great stature, but both
are pleasantly refreshing and exhilirat-
ing to the palate.

A day of tasting in the Vouvray sec-
tion followed. Here we found it not
easy to taste numerous sparkling wines,
all of which have sweet overtones. One
must sip water or eat a piece of dry
bread in between in order to get the
full value from the wines. A magnifi-
cent luncheon served in a clubroom
hollowed out of rock, gave us an op-
portunity to sample eight or nine wines
along with food—and food of the re-
gion which made it doubly valuable.

SHERRY WINE AND SPIRITS CO., Inc. © 679 MADISON AVENUE « TEmpleton 8-7500

 

 
