can add gaiety and charm to
your selection of wines and spirits. Made of metal,
with vivid, full-color reproduction of the famed
Toulouse-Lautrec poster. It holds from six to eight
bottles. Add only $6.95 for “Le Can-Can.’

: SF THE PEOPLE, BY THE PEOPLE, FOR THE PEOPLE.

 

will make a hand-

some addition to any three-bottle selection of

wines or spirits. Made of sturdy metal, the color-
ful design will fit any decor. Add only $2.95 for
this useful canister.

  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
  
   

 

This
fashionable heavy, natural canvas bag will add

is NOW ac- zest and utility to any selection for two to eight
knowledged as the classic container for storing of bottles. Fun for picnics, great for shopping or
wine. Made of sturdy wood and metal, it pos- simply carting things around town. Add only
sesses a ‘library’ quality and can last a lifetime. $7.95 for this delightful carry-all.

Sells for $20.00 at most stores. PICK ANY 12
BOTTLES OF WINE in this catalog and add only
$9.95 for ‘James Beard Wine Rack.

 

are traditional as gift
containers for wines and spirits during the
holiday season. From two to six bottles,
kindly add $7.95, from seven to twelve bot-
tles, kindly add $9.95.

 

is made of
sturdy metal and captures the vivid colors of the
original drum. It has many after-uses and adds
distinction to any gift. Holds up to six bottles.
Add only $6.95 for this unique container.

because they delight in the happy
experience of ‘giving.’ At

we try to make it a pleas-
urable experience... our staff is well-
informed, courteous, helpful—and
even smile...we offer attractive gift
wrapping, imaginative gift containers,
and reliable delivery service...and
when the chilly winds blow, you can
comfortably shop from home by using
the enclosed convenient order form—
or by simply picking up the phone...
you might even consider buying a well-
deserved gift for yourself... but try not
to miss the fun of shopping here at the
Wine & Spirits center of New York...
you will wander among the largest
selection in the land and pleasantly talk
over your needs in an unhurried atmos-
phere with our friendly staff...to
avoid the more hectic, frenzied pace the
immediate days before Christmas, we
suggest you shop early...and remember
—a gift from
carries its own distinctive individuality
and has been appreciated by wine-lovers
for over four decades.

 

perfect replica in sturdy
metal of the classic Campbell’s Tomato 50uP
label. Ideal to send packed with Vodka to yout
friends who are ‘Bloody Mary’ aficionados an
inspired gift idea! Or select your ow? three
bottles—and add only $2.95.
