No.

Some Interesting Wines
Have Arrived

We list them below

Bottle Case

Made from the classic Pinot Chardonnay grape on the excellent soil of
Burgundy. 1968 yielded fresh, very dry white wine of lightness and
subtlety from outstandingly reliable source. Do you know of a better value
in dry white wine?

Just arrived!—Vin de |’Année! This dry white wine of the Loire, one of the
most popular of France, was nothing but a grape on the vine only six
months ago! Spritely, fresh, the kind of wine they are drinking in the good
bistros of Paris today.

On the last Sunday in January, the New York Times devoted a half page to
the High Tor Vineyard—only 28 miles from mid Manhattan. The article
brought such a flurry of interest that we have sold more of this wine in
the last few weeks than we have sold in the last year. It is the ‘vin du
pays’ of New York City—a wine of which New Yorkers should feel proud
because it is honestly made, estate-bottled, and rather similar to a Beau-
jolais in fruit and easy drinkability. Curious? We suggest you try it.

This ancient beverage that dates back to the days of King Alfred, proudly
bears the name of St. Edmund Hall in the University of Oxford on its label.
It is a British fermentation of honey and grape juice, the traditional drink
of the Anglo-Saxon aristocracy when they gathered in the ‘Mead Hall.’
Slightly sweet, it can be served with Gin or Vodka—or as a long drinkK—
or simply chilled, all by itself.

If the Pouilly-Fuissé region is ever to produce their answer to their more
northerly neighbors, of Montrachet, Mr. Laneyrie, the man who bottles
this wine, is probably the man to do it. Mr. Laneyrie has long been Presi-
dent of the Pouilly-Fuissé Growers Association, and the mere mention of
his name brings plaudits from his neighbors. He bottles later than other
growers, and his Pouilly-Fuissé has just arrived. It is a glory—the best
we have ever tasted.

Any British Ambassador or Cabinet Minister will quickly tell you that
England produces a dry white wine that will not bow its head to its nearest
approximation—a good Moselle. The producer is a retired General who
cultivates the vine at Mill Down in the county of Hampshire. His name is
Sir Guy Salisbury-Jones. His production is very tiny and even in England
it is hard to come by. A token 25 cases have reached the United States.

No one will question the supremacy of Chateau Lafite Rothschild as a
vineyard. However, few recognize the true excellence of the 1948 vintage,
because it was unhappily squeezed between two such astonishéng years
as 1947 and 1949, and its true virtue as a vintage year has only achieved
world acclaim recently. If this wine were to sell for $20 the bottle, we
are of the opinion that it would be worth it. At $9.95, those who seek a

jewel of Bordeaux have no valid reason, other than fashion, to not acquire
at least a few bottles.

This great First Growth of remarkable vintage, were it to be found in
Bordeaux at all, would command a much higher price than this, even on
a wholesale level. The wine has unfolded slowly, it is just coming into

its own, with perhaps another two or three decades of development ahead.
Quantity available, obviously, is limited.

No.

We Offer
Some Exciting Spirits

We list them below

PRICED BELOW
Bottle Case

Discovered in the cellars of a small Cognac grower by Frank Schoonmaker.
No commercial cognac this—but the excellent single product, estate-
bottled, by one of the most respected distillers of the region. Note aston-

ishingly low price.

At last it has reached us!—a Liqueur based on a distillation of the wild
strawberry—the superb fruity liqueur that is added to Champagne and
white wine for color and flavor in many of the best restaurants of France.
Try it.

Though this remarkable 16 Year OLD BOURBON is described in greater
depth elsewhere in this brochure, we cannot refrain from including it in
this presentation of interesting spirits. If you like Bourbon, you will prob-
ably share our belief that this is the best one we have ever tasted, regard-
less of price or pedigree.

Have you ever tasted a Scotch so mature, so soft and well-balanced, that
you can serve it in a brandy inhaler instead of Cognac? Here it is—rep-
resenting the ultimate whisky achievement of Scotland.

Those who ski or tour Switzerland, know how good that clear, colorless,
white distillate known as ‘Williams Pear Eau de Vie’ can be. Here is per-
haps the best example from Switzerland, discovered by our good friend,
Michel Dreyfus.

Estate-bottled by Leon Lafite at Domaine Boignieres. Discovered origi-

nally at Darroze, the best restaurant of the Armagnac area, by Frank
Schoonmaker.

Mr. Ragnaud, who is listed above with his V. E., is the same man who dis-
tilled this Single Cask Unblended Cognac. Every drop is of the 1934 vin-
tage, and remained in the same cask, unblended. Here is the favorite
Cognac of Frank Schoonmaker, and we share his enthusiasm.

Alfred Hess, the man who distilled this beautiful Eau-de-Vie from yellow
plums, was the leader of the French Resistance in Alsace. His family fol-

lows in his tradition and produces this remarkable dry, crystal clear,
colorless distillate.

The Hess family gather wild raspberries in the Vosges Mountains at an
altitude above 1500 feet. It takes 15 quarts of wild raspberries to make
one bottle of Framboise, provided it is not blended with other distillates.
Here is such an example—and hence it is so costly, but well worth it to

those who want to capture and immortalize the fragrance of the wild
raspberry.

From the personal reserves of the Hine Family, dating its origin back to
the early 19th Century. Each handsome bottle is hand signed personally
by Mr. Hine to guaranty authenticity. If you are seeking the best example
of very old Cognac extant, we know you need go no further.

Qo aepreare 224% eres @P2-etea- Earn ene — BR eacee Peet acanect MR acete

tice Throughout United Parcet Z.ore

NWext Day Delivery Serw

 

 
