 
     

 

    
     
 
  
 
   
  
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
   
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
  

“1969 BEAUJOLAIS and
POUILLY-FUISSE reached
new heights of distinction
and longevity—although
low harvest yield adds the
sad note of higher prices,”

states James Beard.

These nine wines represent the

All from the cellar

10% Higher on September 1s

RT. HON. ERNEST MARPLES PROVIDES
THE BEST OF BEAUJOLAIS — MAKING
POSSIBLE THIS DRAMATIC OFFERING

BEAUJOLAIS AT ITS BEST-ALL 1969 VINTAGE

s of the Rt. Hon. Ernest Marples
t —- Buy Now and Save.

We have just returned from the vineyards of
Beaujolais and report our findings, ‘“‘there 1s
joy in Beaujolais because the growers are now
enjoying the delicious result of their out-
standingly successful 1969 harvest. Rarely,
have they achieved such a wonderful purple-
red color, fruit, exquisite bouquet — all
coupled with charm and balance. The vigne-
rons had sold 75% of their crop by January
_—now they gaze at their empty, sold-out
cellars, and many talk of shutting their doors
down by July because there will be no re-
maining wine to sell! And when we next

 

é best soil of the Beaujolais and
Pouilly-Fuissé area, all of the great 1969 vintage, are pictured here.

ERRY- LEHMANN, INC.

WINE & SPIRITS MERCHANTS
679 Madison Ave. At 61 St., New York. N. Y. 10021 - TEmpleton 8-7500

visited the neighboring vineyards of Pouilly-
Fuiss¢, the situation was even sadder pe
250,000 cases for the whole world! This ie
compensated for by exceptional quality, the
best in ten years. The growers are asking al
most $30 the case at the vineyard, and ar
rationing it at that. They are all praying for
a bounteous 1970 to refill the cellars.

However, thanks to the foresight and ‘before-
the-deluge’ wine acquisitions of the Rt. Hon.
Ernest Marples, Sherry’s has escaped the sad
fate of insufficient supply that will be the lot
of most wine merchants — and, in turn, the
benefit is being passed on to our wine
devotees.

The career of the Rt. Hon. Ernest Marples is
not unfamiliar to American readers who fol-
low British politics
become an affectionate expression among dis-

and now his name has

criminating wine drinkers in the United
States. Many of us are aware that Ernest
Marples was a favored disciple of Winston
Churchill since they worked together after
the war. Some of us have travelled the high-
ways Marples constructed in Britain, particu-
larly the one from the airport to London.
We have watched him as a Cabinet Minister
when he was Postmaster-General, and later,
as Minister of Transport, won acclaim as the
man who ‘made London traffic work.’ And
even today, he is one of the most active mem-

bers of Parliament.

 

Mr. Marples is not a man to readily compro-
mise, whether it be politics, industry or wine.
The nine gems from this area shown here,
reflect his dedication to excellence and will
surely provide much pleasure to your dinner
table. Each of these wines comes from a spe-
cific vineyard and is estate-bottled — either
it is a vineyard personally owned by Mr.
Marples, or by one of his dedicated neigh-
bors. Each selection reflects the best vinicul-
tural efforts of the Beaujolais village involved.

The prices at which we offer all these wines
are not just low, but fantastically so. You
must remember that these prices reflect only
the early acquisition cost, and not the much
higher prevailing replacement cost, which ap-
proaches 40%. All of these wines will move
upwards at least 10% on September 1st —
and at that they will be a bargain. While
this shipment remains in our cellars, you can
avail yourself of this unique opportunity ol
acquiring Beaujolais at its best, supplemented
by two superb white wines — Beaujolais Vil-
lages Blanc and Pouilly-Fuissé—all pro

during the outstanding 1969 vintage — any
il to add its own

summe in

duced

of these wines will not fa
touch of individual joy to your

pleasure.

iui .

 
