 

 

 

 

December 12th, 1867
Appointed Confectioners and Foreign Ware-
housemen to H.R.H. the Princess of Wales.

June 8th, 1887
Appointed Foreign Warehousemen to
PI 8

H.R.H. the Prince of Wales.

July 16th, 1898
Appointed Purveyors of Oilery to H.M. the
Queen.

Fortnum & Mason was becoming a household
word, in some measure through the enthusiasm
of Charles Dickens, a regular customer. Once,
he wrote: ‘‘Well, to be sure, there never was
such a Derby Day as this present Derby Day!
Never, to be sure, were there so many carriages,
so many fours, so many twos, so many ones, so
many horsemen, so many people who have come
down by ‘rail’, so many fine ladies in so many
broughams, so many of Fortnum & Mason’s
hampers, so much ice and champagne. If I were
on the turf, and had a horse to enter for the
Derby, I would call that horse Fortnum & Mason,
convinced that with that name he would beat the
field. Public opinion would bring him in some-
how. Look where I will—in some connexion
with the carriages—made fast upon the top, or
occupying the box, or peeping out of a window—

    

I see Fortnum & Mason. And now, Heavens!
All the hampers fly wide open and the green
Downs burst into a blossom of lobster-salad!”’
Gladstone, the Prime Minister, wrestling with
the problem of Sugar Duties, wrote to Fortnum’s
for advice: —
Dear Sirs,

I have often heard that it is the custom of
grocers and all who deal in sugar to sell that
article on rather bare profits as compared with
the usual, and what may be called regular
profits of traders.

Would you kindly give me the advantage of
hearing on authority whether this ts so.

There would be no necessity of my naming
you in any reference I might make in Parlia-
ment on this subject.

I remain, dear Sirs,
Your faithful Servant,
W. E. Gladstone.

There was no service, no comfort that Fortnum’s
could not provide. This was the era of the
Colonial wars—the Kaffir wars, the Ashanti war,
the Zulu war, the Afghan war, the Chinese
rebellion, the two Boer wars. Officers and gentle-
men found themselves in need of provisions and
equipment to withstand the widest variety of
tropical climes.

Food boxes, metal-lined and of specific weights

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
   
    
