Our James Beard knows whereof he speaks
when he discusses summer dining. His book
“Cook it Outdoors’ is a classic work on the
subject. He is now busily engaged in com-
pleting his new book ‘The Fireside Cook
Book’ which will be published by Simon &
Schuster early this Fall.

It’s that perfect time of the year

again when one can eat and drink out-

of-doors. Food never seems to taste

as good as it does dining on a terrace,

in the backyard, or sitting in the shade

beside a rippling stream, or on a beach

far from the crowds where the roll of
the surf lolls you into a mood of utter peace.

Chicken At Its Best

What to eat ? There are always a host of things which taste better when
cooked over charcoal or the open fire than any other way — chicken for
instance. Take young broilers which have been well cleaned and split with
the backbone removed so that they will lie flatter and more evenly in the
grill. Brush them well with your favorite barbecue sauce and place them
in a grill which should be tightly secured so that the food does not slip
while you are cooking it. Place the grill over the coals on the broiling
rack with the bone side of the chickens down. sroil, basting occasionally
with the sauce for twelve to hiteen minutes until the bone side is nicely

- Page Sixteen

browned. Turn, salt and pepper
the skin side and brush with the
sauce. Broil another twelve to
fifteen minutes, frequently brush-
ing with the sauce. When the
chickens are grilled to the point
of perfection according to your
palate, remove at once to plates
and serve with sliced ripe tomatoes

and French bread which has been

heating near the grill. Have a
little more sauce ready and heated
for those who enjoy dunking. ]
suggest a bottle of good vin rose
or Moselle which has been cooling
in the brook or in a bucket of ice.
Lamb Chops Can Be Glorious

Chops are a much neglected outdoor treat. Purchase good thick double
loin lamb chops — you know best whether it should be one or two to a
person. Brush the chops with oil or butter, and salt and pepper them.
Place in the grill and broil over the coals (or in your broiler), turning
frequently until they are nicely browned on both sides and have reached
the state of doneness which you prefer. We like ours a little pink in
the center.

You'll find, if you have room for a pan on your grilling rack, some
cottage fried potatoes — potatoes which have been boiled in their jackets,
peeled, sliced and cooked to a beautiful brown crustiness on the bottom

- will be the perfect accompaniment. Use plenty of butter or bacon fat
for frying these potatoes. Thinly sliced cucumbers with sour cream

and chopped chives go perfectly as a green diversion.

Warm Weather Coolers
Summer food and outdoor living call for a different attack on the

5

drink situation. There are many different summer coolers which soothe
the throat and cool the brow as well as inspire good talk or pleasant
reveries. Naturally our old friend Vermouth Cassis is one of the leaders
of the list. Simply pour three ounces of dry Vermouth over ice cubes 1
a tall glass. Add Creme de Cassis to taste from a few dashes to a ful
ounce — and try the Sarrazin (it’s from Dijon, the home of the
Cassis) at $3.33 a wonderful buy. A twist of
lemon peel for each glass, please, and then fill De Sy
to taste with soda. Repeat as often as desired. ¥V SK
Now that we have that magnificent Tom Dean ES 5

Straight Kentucky Bourbon at the low price of

(Next Page)

. . Page Seventeen

 
