 

  

We invite you to adventure among the less well-known but nevertheless surpris-
ingly-good table wines of Portugal, Switzerland and Austria. Here are wines
that have been generally neglected in America and deserve greater attention.
You will discover that many of them are being offered at prices that are almost
fifty percent less than what you have been accustomed to paying.

Choose among them—they are below $2.00 the bottle—and embark on a joy-
ous, modestly-priced adventure ina tasting among some of the most interesting

wines produced on the continent.

AR Ue, be ” mes Sf

non EERTUGAL

RED WINES
447 DAO SAO PEDRO TINTO : 1.39 15.19

We first learned about this remarkably good dark red table wine, grown south of Oporto,
from H. Gregory Thomas, President of Chanel, Inc., and one of America’s leading authori-
ties on wine and food. He bought two cases, aroused our curiosity, and we tasted it. We
agree—-one of the best values in red wine available anywhere on the globe.

470 VINHO VERDE TINTO (Casal Garcia) ..1.49 16.95

The label looks as though it were made of lace, the taste is slightly reminiscent of velvet,
and the bouquet is as fresh as gingham. Here is a new material for wine lovers, never
imported into the United States before, it has its own genuine character and validity, and
those who take wine drinking either seriously or pleasurably, should not deny themselves
the experience of Portgual’s best red table wine.

WHITE WINES
495 DAO SAO PEDRO BRANCO 1.45 15.72

We move into a better class here
good, exceptional value.

   
  
   
 
   
   
 
 
    
 

more finesse, full flavored, relatively dry, surprisingly

341 VINHO VERDE BRANCO (Casal Garcia). 1.49 16.95

From the high plateau land above the Douro river comes this remarkable, light, fresh
white wine. Here is the Montrachet and Wehlener Sonnenuhr of Portugal. Certainly, not ge»
in the same class, but nevertheless, there is enough breed and distinction to justify the ge
zealous search for this “‘Vinho Verde” by the knowledgable wine drinkers of Portugal.

PINK WINES
544. MATEUS ROSE 1.99 21.49

The flat pear shaped bottle, proudly holding its superior pink wine, has become a standard
for V in Rose in Europe, South America, and now in the United States. It is made of the
historic Bastardo grape and is an excellent definition of the clear color, subtle bouquet and

refreshing lightness associated with a pleasing Vin Rose. Half bottles are available at
1.11 each, 23.98 the case of 24.

 
 
  

   
 

        
                 
   
 
  
 

      
   
    
      
   
     
   
  
  
    
   
   
 

GUMPOL
SPATLES|

To the south
as “Rumpelst
with a light, p
nevertheless,

KREMSEL
VELTLINY
In the Danuts
Krems which

607 GRINZIN¢
TRAMINBE

The suburb o
Manhattan. Si
indeed when ti

623 NUSSBER(
RIESLING
The vineyards
we can to Cen

 

WHITE WINES

427

460

661

490

NEUCHATEL 1961 (Vill

Perhaps the best example of Neu
itself. It is dry, crisp, a perfect we
1961, estate bottled by La Ville de

FENDANT SPATLESE ly
A discovery!—one of the most hf
a vineyard in Valais owned for i
Bishops of Valais of their tempor%
A wine of breed and charm—and

DEZALEY 1960 (L’union
The two great aristocrats of the Li
grape, and Dezaley, made from thi
white wine of exceptional charactt

JOHANNISBERG DU V4
(Cave des Glariers). . -

[he Swiss respected the Riesling g
Lausanne, from which this wine ce

SHERRY WINE & 8)

 
 
 
 
 
 
  

  
