 

 

The name of Wisdom and Warter, now a century old, has been a familiar part
of my upbringing for more years than | care to remember. It was my grand-
father’s custom to serve Wisdom’s Fino or Amontillado each evening. | have
recently retasted each of these Sherries. | can only report that the high
opinion held in my youth was entirely confirmed.

Candidly, | am quite convinced that this is the most unique opportunity since
Repeal to acquire Spain’s very finest (not their ordinary) wines . . . the importer’s
gigantic inventory has been acquired by us and the entire savings are being
passed on to you... there is not a Sherry in the entire lot which would not be
good value even if it sold for $3.00 the bottle, the average price that prevailed
only last month.

 

— Kenneth Dean

WISDOM’S SHERRIES

Price in
No. April Bottle Case

S| WISDOM’S BROWN SHERRY. .... . 2.73 1.59 17.95

There are few wines produced in the world that quite achieve the rich, deep flavor, or dark depth of color, of a

fine Brown Sherry. Here is a top flight, fully aged example. Highly recommended between meals with fruit, nuts
or cake, or as an after-dinner dessert wine.

S2 WISDOM’S FINO OLIVAR. . .... . 3.18 1.79 19.95

apt example of bone dry, pale straw colored Sherry. It is this classic “Fino Olivar” that has won
isdom & Warter its great reputation, now a century old. Served slightly chilled, this Fino is an ideal warm

weather Aperitif.
$3 WISDOM’S AMONTILLADO PIZARRO . . 3.40 1.99 22.65

7 i . PN ° ° © hoe

iy ne 7a eee belongs to the Fino family, but they acquire certain different characteristics as they mature;
> colc 0 » og orlike 1 i } i

Aw i; . re ee amberlike. As in the Finos, they are very dry, but become more nutty in flavor and
elop more body and richer taste characteristics. In our opinion, this is a perfect example of fine Amontillado.

$4 WISDOM’S ROYAL PALACE AMOROSO . . 3.40 1.99 22.65

The Amoroso She é . . y : .
so Sherry falls somewhere between a Fino and an Oloroso in regard to dryness, body and color. A good

Amoroso, such < is 4 ; inosi : i
»roso, such as this one, shows great vinosity and depth of flavor on the palate, and although completely dry, it
createst the illusion of more sweetness.

 
