SWITZERLAND. Swiss wines stand at attention,
saluting ‘‘cheese fondue” and the resort

town of Montreux. Wine drinking is a carefree
pastime here.

wine cup.

There are a few other widely scattered
areas to be heard from. Rueda, in Leon, pro-
duces a dry white wine that is occasionally
excellent, and might even be distinguished if
better made. The province of Galicia has its
Vinos de Rivero, usually deep purple, ex-
tremely fruity, interesting, though they will
not suit everyone. There are many good des-
sert wines, among which the sweet Oloroso
Sherries are pre-eminent, plus the luscious,
brown wine of Malaga, an old-time favorite,
and the remarkable Malvasia of Sitges.

Most of the others, even when they carry
a town or provincial appellation, are really
nothing more than vino corriente, or vin
ordinaire. If you are planning a picnic, you
can go into almost any village café or wine
shop, ask to taste the vino de graenel (open
wine ), and then, should it suit you, have your
bottle filled for ten or fifteen cents. You will
often find such wine surprisingly pleasant.
The Spaniards, no less than their neighbors,
the Portuguese, drink their own wine because
they like it, and generally, if you try it, you
will agree with them.

PORTUGAL

If the notion that Spanish wine is Sherry
can rightly be called absurd, so can the com-
parable idea held by many that Portuguese
wine is Port. Port amounts to less than 3 per
cent of the wine produced in this thirsty little
country, and the Portuguese, apart from
those in the trade and a handful of others.
mostly educated in England, never drink it.
Except for the cheap California version.
Port has never been very popular in the
United States. Many other once-famous
Portuguese dessert wines have fallen into
obscurity, although some, such as the cele-
brated Moscatel de Setubal and Carcavelos,
from Lisbon’s suburbs, are still of excellent
class. Madeira, too, is of course a Portuguese
wine, but the island vineyards have never

H4

wholly recovered from the devastating effects
of Oidium and Phylloxera, twin plagues
which almost destroyed them during the
second half of the 19th Century.

In the field of table wines, the Portuguese
have made great progress during the past few
decades, and many vintages once considered
just consumo, ordinary wine, have acquired
a deserved appellation and a higher rank.
One of the most interesting goes by the odd
name of Vinho Verde, literally “green” wine.
Needless to say, it is never green in color,
although it may be red, white or pink; green
merely means that it is young, fresh, light
and high in acid, often both sweet and tart.
It may be, in addition, somewhat sparkling,
and occasionally carbonated—when so pre-
pared it unfortunately must, in America, pay
the sparkling-wine tax. It is refreshing and
thirst-quenching, a grand wine for summer.
The curious vineyards from which it comes
are north of the Douro and the Port wine
country, in the northernmost province of
Portugal; the vines are strung on trees and
along hedgerows, as round Orvieto in Italy.

Portugal’s best red wine (a trifling
amount of less good white is also made) is
salled Colares, and has been famous in Eng-
land since the days of Wellington and the
Peninsular War. Conveniently enough, from
the tourist’s point of view, it is produced not
far from Estoril and the fashionable seaside
resorts of the “Coast of the Sun.” It is a
sturdy, velvety wine, with some resemblance
to the Cote Rotie and Hermitage of France,
yet with a special character which it doubt-
less owes to its ungrafted Ramisco vine, deep-
planted in the clay that underlies the sand
dunes along the Atlantic.

Almost equally good and fully as unusual
are the red and white wines called Dao (the
approximate pronunciation is dawn) from
the mountainous district of that name round
the town of Viseu, in Central Portugal.
These, too, have their highly special bouquet
and character. The white is dry, golden, full-
flavored; the red, which improves with keep-
ing, is soft, round, a wine the French would
describe as gras, or “fat,” with plenty of
body.

Bucelas, another one-time English fa-
vorite, is golden, heavy, rather high in alco-
hol, slightly sweet, on the order of a big,
somewhat coarse Rhine wine. It will not
please all palates.

Better, especially during the warm months
of the Portuguese summer, are half a hun-
dred little village wines, nameless, or un-
known twenty miles from where they are
made, cheap, easy to drink, excellent com-
panions to the incomparable sea food of the
Portuguese Coast, the white goat cheeses
brought down from the interior, and the de-
licious, ever-present fresh fruit.

SWITZERLAND

And on to Switzerland.

Switzerland, it is surprising to discover, is
by a wide margin the world’s leading wine-
importing country, Italy’s best customer, and
Spain’s. With such statistics at hand, one
would be led to conclude that nothing was
available for export, but this is far from the
truth. The thirsty, thrifty Swiss buy abroad,
in bulk, vast amounts of inexpensive red wine
of which they never have enough. What they
sell leaves Switzerland in bottles mostly, at
a fairly good price, and practically all of it is
white.

In the face of this propensity for wine.
there is perhaps no country in which choice
is made easier and more agreeable for the
casual wine-taster and wine-drinker. Almost
all Swiss hotels or restaurants, from the most

 

  

modest to the internationally famous, offer a
collection of “open wines,” served in attrac-
tive small pitchers or carafes or glasses of
varying sizes (all with the exact, metric-sys-
tem content etched into the glass). The
wines so offered generally include many from
Northern Italy, some from Spain and even a
few from France; they are universally inex-
pensive and rarely anything but good. The
whole system could well serve as a model for
the United States.

Of course, possibly one of the reasons for
the success of this informal approach to wine
drinking is that Switzerland itself produces
no great wines—certainly none to tempt the
wine snob. A few famous hotels have wine
lists of unexcelled range and quality, includ-
ing all the rarities from French and German
vineyards, but these are intended for tourists
and a few local millionaires. What the Swiss
want is good wine at a modest price, and
they get it.

They make a good deal of wine in their
efficient and quiet way, and with few advan-
tages to start with. The red wines of Switzer-
land that are really worth bottling are so few,
produced in such limited volume and so
much in demand at home, that when they
are exported, it is more for prestige than
profit. They can be described in a paragraph
or listed in a footnote. One called Dole, from
the canton of Valais, is Switzerland’s best. It
is made from the Pinot Noir grape, plus some
Gamay, round the town of Sion, and is full-
bodied, very good, hardly great. Pleasing
and fresh, but unimpressive, is the Cortaillod
of Lake Neuchatel; also more from the Pinot
Noir. Nostrano, from the canton of Ticino, in
Italian Switzerland, is fruity and attractive.
It is almost all drunk before it is old enough
to be bottled, for it is better young. The
other reds are just good carafe wines.

The choice, when it comes to white wines,
is considerably wider, yet with a few rare
exceptions (mostly in the canton of Valais,
round the headwaters of the Rhone, near the
Italian border) all of the well-known Swiss
whites are made from a single grape, called
the Fendant (in other countries, the Chas-
selas, Gutedel or even the Sweetwater ). This
is anything but a distinguished variety, but
on the whole far better in Switzerland than
elsewhere. Only the Fendants from the can-
ton of Valais generally carry the grape name
on the label, as Fendant du Valais, but all
have a certain family resemblance, grown as
they are on thin, upland soil, along Alpine
lakes and in high, stony river valleys. They
are dry, pale, light, but they have definite
character only when they come from the best
vineyards; otherwise, they are agreeable and
rather neutral. Regarded as best are those
from the canton of Vaud, round Lausanne
and east of Lake Geneva. St. Saphorin,
Yvorne, Dézaley, Aigle are names to look
for. Neuchatel, made from the same Fendant
grape, is a somewhat smaller and milder
wine; the Fendant de Sion, from this castle-
crowned town which is the capital of the
Valais, is often the best of the lot.

The canton of Valais, especially near Sion,
which is close to the northern end of the
Simplon Tunnel, and hardly thirty miles from
Italy across 12,000-foot peaks, is a viticul-
tural district like no other. Its patches of vine-
yard are strung along the precipitous moun-
tain wall, under a sun which often seems
more Italian than Swiss.

Here, in addition to the omnipresent Fen-
dant, many other vines are grown: Pinot and
Gamay to produce the red Dole, Switzer-
land’s best red; Sylvaner and Riesling (here
called Johannisberg) from the Rhine; Mar-
sanne (here called Ermitage) from the

See Page H6

 

3
ae

+ Wa

ROSE

 

 
