  

 

{

e Coe
) a
expensile

9 ie
nt custon

sg
e Chevdlé
ite Cet
This poll
99 si
wil beso!

,
‘

io

navel”

ng ©

Avge :
y
as can

if
8 na
4 se

BEAUJOLAIS

Rich in fruit and charm, boundless in innocence—small wonder
Beaujolais is the most beloved red wine of France. These are
not wines to be guarded for drinking decades from now, rather
they are to be quaffed joyously during the first years of their
short lives. Presented here is an interesting selection of recent
vintages from impeccable producers—among them, Chateau de

La Chaize, the 300 year old estate that may be the best single
source of this wonderful wine.

1974 VINTAGE

A very large crop of pleasant, lively wines. As always, the
wines from the nine Crus made the best Beaujolais.

No. Bottle Case

284 BEAUJOLAIS (Roussy de MAING 2.49 29.88
The proprietor of Chateau de La Chaize makes a small
quantity of wine bearing only the name Beaujolais. Racy,
delicious, this is an excellent way to experience the
Marquis’ wine-making talent at a fraction of the cost of
his noble Brouilly.

299 BROUILLY (Chateau de La Chaize)....... 3.99 44.50
Just arrived! This delightful Brouilly—one of the nine crus
of Beaujolais— makes eloquent testament to the noble
heritage of the wines from Chateau de La Chaize. Unlike
examples from the lesser regions of Beaujolais, Brouilly
gave outstanding wines in 1974. A sparkling purple hue,
sweet flowery scent, and light, fresh taste are yours with
this charming wine. Also available in halves and mag-
nums at $3.00 the case additional. In any size, a must
for winter entertaining.

1973 VINTAGE

A record harvest of typical, fruity wines. A great boon to the

lover of Beaujolais with plenty of good wine throughout the

region.

742 BEAUJOLAIS (Charles Meras)........... 2.49 29.88
Vigorous, endowed with much fruit and fragrance. Lovely
lesson in the easy sensuality of Beaujolais.

282 BROUILLY (Chateau de La Chaize)....... 3.99 44.50

The very bottle of Beaujolais

that made French wine his-

tory in 1973. This great

Brouilly won three Gold

\ Medals at prestigious com-

| petitions in Macon and Paris.

  
  

\ mae No single wine in the long
~,.. ay fo centuries of French vinicul-
Evers eT ture had ever accomplished

this amazing feat. Such im-
portant official recognition only confirms our delight upon first
tasting the wine last year. It will add distinction to your dining
at a price astonishingly low in light of the wine’s eminence.
Also available in half bottles and magnums at $3.00 the case
additional.

1972 VINTAGE

An interesting Beaujolais year. Wines produced on flat, low-
lying vineyards are too arid and lack fruit. Those grown on the
better hillside estates are very good—flavored with a beautiful
balance of fruit and acidity.

640 MOULIN-A-VENT
(Chateau Moulin-a-Vent) .............. 3.33 39.96
Among the biggest, richest bottles of Beaujolais we have
ever tasted. Though naturally made from the Gamay
grape, it may remind you of the light Pinot Noir reds
grown just to the north in Burgundy proper. Deep color
and flavor. Will live for several more years.

SHERRY-LEHMANN, INC.
FA WINE & SPIRITS MERCHANTS
ia 679 Madison Ave. At 61 St, New York, N. Y. 10021 - TEmpletoa 8-7500

 

RED BURGUNDY

That Americans have shown a new and astonishing awareness
of good wine over the past decade is now a commonplace. When
this attention turns to great French wines, Bordeaux’s famed
chateaux seem to attract most of the interest. Long convinced
that a little renewed rivalry brings out the best in both partici-
pants, we have here taken especial care to search out supreme
examples of the remarkable wines of Burgundy. If the list below
widens a few wine horizons to include a love of Bourgogne
rouge, then we will be pleased. Close perusal of our selections
should bring a joyous note to light: prices for these wines —
from excellent estate-bottlings of simple commune wine to the
royalty of the Domaine de la Romanée-Conti—are at truly sen-
sible levels. Dramatic savings are apparent both with wines to
lay down and to savor now.

1972 VINTAGE

Good and some excellent, slow to mature, wines — but also a

large proportion of distinctly less successful ones. Must be
chosen carefully.

No. Bottle Case

830 BOURGOGNE PINOT NOIR............. 3.49 41.88
Don’t let the modest appellation dissuade you. The wine
is a prudent selection of beautiful Pinot Noir wines from
some of the best soil of the Céte d’Or. A Burgundian
‘Best Buy’ from Tollot-Beaut.

695 CHAMBOLLE MUSIGNY ................ 5.99 71.88
Jean Hudelot grows great wine at a number of noble
vineyards in Chambolle. This beauty is blessed with that
same talent and heritage.

669 POMMARD RUGIENS .................. 5.99 71.88
‘Rugiens’ names one of Pommard’s two top vineyards. It

means Burgundy at its full-bodied, earthy best. Estate-
bottled, Loubet.

1971 VINTAGE

We know of no better way of testifying to the true excellence
of the 1971 red Burgundies than simply to quote Frank Schoon-
maker’s Vintage Report: “A fabulous and extraordinary year,
unlike anything we have seen since 1947—sadly, because of hail
and torrential rains, many small growers along the Céte lost
half their crop while their neighbors, a few hundred yards
away, were completely unscathed. Those who were spared may
well give us some of the best Burgundy of our generation—big,
splendid wines, slow to mature and certainly of long life, con-
ceivably even better than the ’61s which is anything but faint
praise.”

661 GHASSAGNE-MONTRACHET .......... 4.49 53.88
Though more renowned for its whites, Chassagne pro-
duces a small quantity of excellent red wines. Fine fra-
grance, good distinction. Domaine Jouard.

691 PERNAND-VERGLESSES ............... 4.49 53.88
In the hills behind famous Aloxe-Corton lie the unsung
vineyards of Pernand Verglesses. Upon tasting this estate-
bottled delight from M. Delarche, we decided to let you
in on their secret. Let them be little-known no longer!

561 COTE DE BEAUNE VILLAGES .......... 4.49 53.88
A big, rich, fat bargain from the gifted hand of Bernard
Bachelet.

665 GEVREY CHAMBERTIN, LAVAUX,

ot. JACQUES 2. 4.99 59.88

Lavaux and St. Jacques are two adjoining vineyards
in the celebrated commune of Gevrey-Chambertin. M.
Seguin is the proud proprietor of holdings in both. We
couldn’t choose between his two lovely wines, so we
offer them here together. Your choice—and a happy one
indeed.

668: .. VOSNE-ROMANEE |. ......2.2.5 30 5.99 71.88
If one wine town of Burgundy had to be named most
famous, Vosne Romanée would doubtless win the honor.
Every one of her grands crus and more modest wines is
possessed of a remarkable richness of refinement and
maturalness. Domaine Jayer.

     
    
     
