Gradually work in powdered sugar, beating constantly, until

you have a thick batter. It will take about two pounds of
powdered sugar or more (according to the size of your eggs).
When you have achieved a thick, sweet batter, beat ina

teaspoon of freshly grated nutmeg. This batter will stand up

for several hours. TO SERVE:- Use Tom and Jerry mugs,

or cups, which should be warm. Add a full tablespoon of the
batter, a dash of Jamaica Rum and a jigger of whiskey or more -
to the mug. Fill with hot water and stir well. Serve with an
additional sprinkling of nutmeg if you wish. There are those
who beat the yolks and the sugar together and then beat the
whites until they are stiff and fold into the yolk mixture. This
you may do if you prefer a more fluffy batter. You may also

use hot milk instead of hot water, and brandy instead of whiskey,
but I nrefer the other method.

No holiday seems right without an Egg-Nog somewhere during
the weeks of celebration. Most people seem to make them too
sweet, so let us give you our version of that rich and fattening
Yuletide hoister. Beat twelve egg yolks until thick and add
gradually, beating the while, twelve tablespoons sugar. Blend
these together well and then beat ina quart of cream anda quart
of milk, Beat the egg whites until stiff. Add good Bourbon to
taste. (You can use such povular Bourbons as Old Grandad; Old
Taylor; Old Forester and I. W. Harper. Or, you may use Tom
Dean, which is an 8 year old straight Bourbon, and which sells
for only $4.96 a fifth.) A fifth is just about the right quantity -

or you can add a bit more according to your taste and capacity.
Finally fold in the stiffly beaten egg whites and top with a goodly
dash of nutmeg. This will make about fifty glasses. It might be
wise not to serve too many sweets with your Christmas punches -
try some thin sandwiches of ham and turkey, or other plain foods
that do not increase the richness of the celebration.

OFFICE PARTIES:- It has now become a thoroughly American
custom in offices and factories to depart from the workday world
sometime during Christmas week and cheer the advent of the
holiday season amidst conviviality and refreshments. Those in

the firm who are given the resnonsibility of running the party
frequently undergo the worry and the anxiety of seeking the proper
foods, the proper drinks, the plates and the glasses. And it has
occurred to me that the party can be simplified and made
exceptionally gay at little or no extra cost by simply serving
Champagne. Champagne will eliminate the constant bother of
mixing drinks and cocktails and looking for the several types of
glasses necessary. You will find a whole host of delightful French
Champagnes below $5.00 the bottle listed on Page 16: of this catalog.
It will be easy enough to get the ice required to chill Champagne, and

SHERRY WINE AND SPIRITS Co., Inc.

surely one or two of the more industrious males or females in

the office can make a huge platter of good sandwiches of turkey,
tongue, and ham, which you can readily get at the nearest
delicatessen. I warrant that everybody will be ina gayer and
happier mood, and that the Chamnagne party will be remembered
long after others are forgotten. But no matter what you may
decide to serve at your office party, we shall be more than pleased

to consult with you and help you plan your needs.

RANDOM OBSERVATIONS:- Was delighted with the magnificent
red wines shown at the recent Bellows tasting, particularly those
of the Domaine de la Romanee-Conti ... the visit of Comte de Vogue
proprietor of Moet and Chandon Champagne, during which he
showered glowing praise on the merit and diversity of our wine
collection ... pleased that many of the wines produced by our friends
in California were included in the list of prize-winners at the State
Fair . . tne excellent Bols Aquavit coupled with the astounding
collection of smoked fish from Lucien Prince were an outstanding
combination at the last tasting of the Wine & Food Society ... the
wonderful device created by Jack Aaron which moves our wines
from the cellar bin through the floor into the salesman’s hand with
a maximum of speed and a minimum of disturbance ... proud of our
collection of rare old clarets (I know it would make me happy indeed
to find Chateau Haut Brion 1929 under my tree Christmas morning)
.. was overwhelmingly impressed by the glorious bouquet and flavor

of the Single Cask unblended Cognac ($11.75)... as .

There is not much time to think of meal planning the last few days WER)
e 8 ys Go

before the holidays, so I thought a suggestion or two for a quick

hearty dinner will be in order at this time. Here’s a quickie which

is substantial and easy to prepare and has a little flavor twist to

make it interesting. Start with a tin of good black bean souv. To

it you should add Sherry to taste, and a slice of lemon and a little

chopped hard-cooked egg to each cup of soup - and have your cup

hot before you serve the soup course. Then follow with chopped

steak patties, but cooked a slightly different way. Chop two cloves

of garlic (or shallots) very fine and cook the garlic in three table-

spoons of butter for about two minutes. Add your chonped steak patties

and cook them to the desired state of doneness - we like ours rare and

red, Season with coarsely ground black pepper and salt, and just

before removing from the pan, add two or three tablespoons of

Escoffier Sauce Diable and let it blend with the other juices and

flavorings in the pan. Remove the patties to a hot plate and add

about four ounces of red wine to the pan and let it cook for just a

minute with the other flavorings, and pour this over the patties of

chopped beef. A large loaf of crusty French bread, green salad, and

cheese, and you havea quick dinner - and a satisfying one. With the

New Shop Directly Opposite Previous Location

 
