   
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
   
 
   
  

 
  

 
   
   

-JACK DANIEL’
in Frontier Chest

It was the simple faith of Lem Motlow, and his sons, who started the JACK
DANIEL Distillery in Tennessee, back in the 19th Century, that has brought it a
place of high leadership among the premium bourbons of America. They simply
believed that if they could make the best whiskey they could, even if it was expen-
sive, people would buy it. Their little distillery at Lynchburg continues to have
‘ts ducks waddle, its horses pull wagons, its laborers stack ricks and chop down

hard maple trees.

As Christmas came nearer, and most distilleries sought out glittering gift wraps,
the Jack Daniel people looked in their own backyard, the Tennessee woods, for
their inspiration. They liked the smell and look of the local wood and decided
to build a crude, primitive, but handsome Frontier Chest. There was hardly time
to make many of them, so that they are scarce. The

Chests look rather like an overgrown, giant cigar- Complete with

box, but made of thick wood, with two simple Peontior Cheat
clasps. It is not elaborate, but in the words of the

artisan “It’s sure pretty.” Below

The price of a bottle of Jack Daniel is below $7.81 4]
three bottles cost below $23.41 —the added

charge for the Frontier Chest is only $2.00. What

a wonderful Christmas gift to send your friends—

and you might even possibly consider sending it to
yourself! But please order promptly because both
the whiskey and the chest, are short in supply
and they will soon be all gone!

The above price
includes the cost of
the Frontier Chest

FROM

© ST. EDMUND
HALL

N THE
UNIVERSITY
FOF

OXFORD

Wine drinking at Oxford University in the classic tradition.
The three wines pictured here represent the discriminating
taste of St. Edmund Hall, the oldest college in the University
of Oxford. Here is indeed a unique gift of good taste—“Thermo
Karry-Keg” (holds 300 ice cubes for over 24 hours—4.95) con-
taining:

1 — Dry Rainwater Madeira (3.99)

] — Senior Common Room Tawny Port (3.79 )

1] — Archbishop’s Mead (3.49 )
14 Only 31677

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

a

 

 

 

Cu

eed

Tennessee

Pelee neclidal

 

Ee cededtend oo ke ee
/ WHISKE

bite eS ae ee
POPE ED gr ner wee neteeey

 

Pied. Sd

-
iLL Late tell phat alate!
ee et a tk aed me ake tv! ae rte
Rc fA es

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

      
     
 

SEAGRAM’S CROWN ROYAL

The legendary Canadian whisky in the purple sack is
one of the most sought after of all distillates during the
holiday season. The beauty of the packaging, combined
with the light elegance of the contents, puts it on top of
many gift lists. (Below 111.77) Below 9.81

 
