eas

Telephonic Comments on 1959's from Bordeaux by Alexis Lichine - Frida , July 6th
—_$————— em ey exis Lichine ~ rriday, July oth

“In some instances the 59's are superior to the 61's - in Leoville Lascases, Leoville Poyferre,
Mouton and Montrose - whereas the 61's are superior to the 59's in Latour, Lafite, Calon Segur,
Gaffeliere Naudes, as well as a few others. Now that the wines are really showing well after

the 2nd spring racking, one can establish the fact that there is more ‘souplesse' or softness in
the 61's than there was in the 59's."

FROM THE NEW YORK TIMES FINANCIAL SECTION, Sunday, July 8th
EE EN Ourncay, July Sth

“It seems almost certain that wine prices in Europe and the United States will increase, especially
for the highest qualities, which are produced in limited quantities," states Edward Kressmann,
president of the Bordeaux Shippers Association and a foreign trade counselor to the French Govern-
ment. Mr. Kressmann further states: “Europe already is consuming almost 90 per cent of its own
wine output. Since it takes about ten years for a vine to mature and produce normal quantities

of grapes, the wine output cannot increase as rapidly as the expected increase in demand. The
basic law of supply and demand will, therefore, result in rising prices."

"The production of Chateau bottlings and classified growths cannot be increased at all
of demand, because they already are at capacity output. Thus,
wines at present are low compared to what they will be in a few

, regardless
price levels of good Chateaux
years."

We further quote from the New York Times: “Among the reasons for Mr.

Common Market will increase the consumption of all wines,
are the following:

Kressmann's belief that the
particularly those of better quality

1) Abolition by Germany, Italy and France of quotas on wines imported from other wine-
producing countries.

2) The planned steady reduction each year, and ultimate elimination of protective tariffs
between Common Market members.

THE ROLE OF THE 1960 VINTAGE

We k any 1960s will be reaching the United States this Fall and our wine customers should decide
e know m B ant any. We are also aware that they are very reasonable now and if the 1962

ss ceslapated Saba’ "4 Rich c ears improbable at the moment, the prices will march up dramatically.

ee akan Aol ra startling increase in the price of the 1960s as they approach bottling,

In any event, w he scarcity of 1959s and the very high prices of the 1961s.

particularly in light of t
A PROMINENT BORDEAUX WINE AUTHORITY COMMENTS AS FOLLOWS:
FORO NN eee

the 60s is O.K. Actually today, in Bordeaux, - pe ay
and who drink Bordeaux wines on a daily basis, drin oS
wine. The 60's may turn out to be still better,
Montrose, Prieure and Lascombes, these wines are
years to come the Latour 1960 is going

"Your description of

really in the know,

pleasure and consider it a ee
'

in terms of Latour, Cos d Estourne j

sally delightful, and certainly in the next few

to be more enjoyable than the 1959.

Telephonic Observation by Seymour Weller, Director of Chateau Hout Trion
ing the 61's. No
"The general advice is excellent, however, accentuate it eee who prefer them
. fice drinker can afford to overlook the 61's. Many are the peop arr ie
aor as oe because the publicity has not been as well orchestra e ee
ee = et 59's. there is not the same enthusiastic buying ae eae Ch
ienced, a :

¢ iW
be recognized for what they are - a very great vintage year.

A PRIVATE SALE OFFERING
SER Oe Se

7 e€

i the prices you will
: hey are not nearly as high as
: evailed two years ago,, they ; ii
es as the prices eae We feel that we should point out that this offering, at these relatively
ave to pay a yea .

low levels, expires August 31st.

 
