  

 

   

  
 
  
  
  
  
  

For most of his long and distinguished life, Baron
Philippe de Rothschild has championed wine as an
artistic expression of man’s connection with his
heritage and his earth. As proprietor of several of
the most distinguished vineyards of France, Baron
Philippe channels his passion for excellence
towards the creation of a family of magnificent
wines. Monarch of this royal house is unquestion-
ably Mouton-Rothschild—the first classified growth
in Pauillac that vintage after vintage triumphs as the
most powerful and dramatic of Red Bordeaux. An-
other member of vinous dynasty offers splendid
complement to Mouton’s majesty — Chateau
Mouton-Baron Philippe. At this estate, also a clas-

Bin

The Wines of BARON PHILIPPE DE ROTHSCHILD

sified growth in Pauillac, Baron Philippe has been
making distinguished wine since the 1930’s. Though
lighter than the great Mouton itself, Mouton-Baron
Philippe shares its remarkable depth and breed.

Both Mouton Rothschild and Mouton-Baron
Philippe are first-class clarets, and their prices can-
not help but reflect this lofty status. Yet Baron de
Rothschild is happily mindful of the need for good,
rich Bordeaux rouge at a liveable price. It is in this
Spirit that he and his vignerons make Mouton-Cadet.
Always endowed with satisfying richness and deli-
cacy of the red wines of Bordeaux, Mouton-Cadet
has deservedly won a large and loyal following
around the world.

Bottle Case

19? CHATEAU MOUTON BARON PHILIPPE 1970... 5 ee 89.88

price.

    
 
 

hala

LTA £
ij ‘ CS
Neoulsn Laren ‘hilipy

 

1970 is already enshrined in the pantheon of great Bordeaux vintages that honors 1945, 1959,
1961 and 1966. This wine seems to have been blessed with an inordinate share of the bounty
of the vintage: its flavor is deep and round, its bouquet full and refined. When mature—before
the end of the decade—Mouton Baron Philippe will offer every wine lover a truly superb ex-
perience. Ample reward for the wine connoisseurs who acquire a supply now at this excellent

ERT Oh a a 19.95 239.40

1967 receives consistently high ratings in nearly every vintage chart we have come across. And in
more than one source we have seen Mouton Rothschild acclaimed the best single red Bordeaux
of 1967. Many of the lighter wines of the 1967 harvest are ideal for present drinking; this com-
manding Mouton needs at least a few more years to reach its glorious peak. Once attained, that
summit should endure for many years. Shows all of the classic characteristics for which Mouton
is justly renowned—full-bodied, concentrated, perfumed.

MOUTON CADET 1971 IMPERIAL

Every wine, especially Red Bordeaux, is
happier in a big bottle. And what wine
enthusiast is not happier with an Imperial
holding not one but eight bottles of a
favorite wine? Presented in a handsome
wooden case, this 192 oz. Imperial of 1971,
Mouton-Cadet, is sure to be one of our
most wanted gifts this holiday season. The idea.

  

wine is delightful — the consistently good
Red Bordeaux from the noble cellars of
Philippe de Rothschild. The bottle is out-
standing—nearly two feet high. And for all
of this delicious drama, the price is won-
derfully low—only $32.40 for the Imperial
and its wooden case. A sensational gift

$32.40 for 8-bottle size Imperial

(no charge for wooden case)

 

  
