 

 

 

     

   

   
 

C

ON

SSS ART RATER

| ay
Sl ON2Z

Lh
>=
WS Ne

 

It is not by chance that my weight is now

18 pounds more than that sunny day in
April 1950 when I boarded an Air France
plane to start work on the book “Paris
Cuisine.” The task that faced me on arrival
at Orly Field was quite impressive—it in-
volved dining and lunching in a goodly
number of the 8000 restaurants that are in
Paris—but how else could one select fairly
those 60 restaurants which should be in-

cluded in the book.

Our publishers, Little, Brown, were delighted
to learn that we were eating so well, but
they still tenaciously insisted that we use
every power at our command to extract the
long-guarded recipes of the restaurant pro-

rad

 

prierors and chefs—and then convert them
into terms which the American cook could
understand and prepare readily. At the risk
of being called immodest, I do think that
the diplomatic maneuvers involved in per-
suading French chefs to part with their
recipes certainly qualify us for at least a
minor assignment in the State Department.
In one instance, we found it necessary to
resort to barter—the chef would not give
us the prized recipe unless we taught him
the gentle art of preparing “Hamburgers
American Style” and wheat cakes. In another
instance, a chef became so concerned about
the results of the recipe he had given us that
he air-expressed his pastry creation to us
so that we could compare it directly with
the one prepared that day in our New York
kitchen. Part of the reward for writing the
book has been that I now dine a la Parisienne
at the homes of my American friends—only

NER ACUTE,

~Aeentten

 

 

  

   

 

 

last week I was served “Poularde Maxim’s”’,

the recipe taken from the galley proofs.

Some of you may be going to France this
summer—in fact, European travel will prob-
ably reach an all time high this year (inci-
dentally, if your friends are sailing, don't
fail to send them a bottle or two of Cham
pagne surrounded by ice in the hand-painted
Cooler illustrated on this page—it’s the
gayest way of saying “Happy Trip” that |
know of). Naturally, if you go to Paris, you
will probably be visiting some of the famous
gastronomic temples such as Tour d’Argent,

Grand Vefour, L’Escargot, Joseph’s, Fouquet,

 

La Cremaillere, Drouant, Magdeleine, Le
Cabaret and Lucas Carton. However, I do
consider as a “must,” the extraordinary La-
perouse Restaurant, run by M. Topolinsky
(have you ever had the Homard Babinski
there? It was named after the famous doctor,
who, as a hobby, wrote about food and wine
under another name — Ali-Bab. His cook
book still remains one of the great classics
in the field). Michelin has given the three
star rating to only seven restaurants in all of
France—two of them are in Paris—Lape-
rouse and the Edwardian Cafe de Paris.
Other places worth visiting are Maxim’s on
a Friday night or for lunch, the Mediterranee
and Relais de Porquerolles for unmatched
sea food dishes, Les Cigognes which has just
moved into town from the outskirts and has
changed its name to Au Caneton and the
Le Berkeley at the Rond Point.

Incidentally, should your trip bring you to
the Riviera, you might want to know that
the delightful Bonne Auberge has achieved,
for the first time, the enviable three star
rating in the new edition of Michelin. (Some
time during June, you can expect the first
shipment of “Bonne Auberge Rose,” a most
delightful “vin rose” that captures the sunny
pleasantness of southern France. And the
best news of all—it will sell for a modest
1.49 the bottle.) Situated just outside of
Antibes, it is a restaurant worth going to

   
   
 

 

 

|
for its delighcful charm as well as its superb
food. Another gastronomic experience in th
part of France is a visit to La Reserve in

the quaint town of Beaulieu-sur-mer, Should

you be driving to the Riviera from Par
suggest stopping at “La Mule du Pape” in
the wine growing town of Chateauneuf-du

Pape, and “la Mere Brazier” in Lyon

One of the most intriguing of the Frencl
speaking nations of this h¢ misphere is Haiti
I have had occasion to be there twice during
the last decade and deve loped an unusual
fondness each time for the rather remarkable
Barbancourt Rum which is practically th
national drink of Haiti. It has always been
a source of regret to me that this exceptiona

Spirit was not available in the United States

It is therefore good news indeed. to me (and
it will be to you, if you like rum at its best)
to know that, at long last, it can be had
starting June at Sherry’s Try using it for
Rum collins or Rum punch thi immer

you V ill be delighted with the [ ul

} lar
has been a popular

refrain in Paris

 

   

over 50 years. From
: t per b saa 1 pit
amples of the ery
nes that Parisians
are drinking »day
10 we nake 1. a ‘bl ee “i
N York. Each of 1e s en Maxim
ine can add pleasure to
ur ner ente ig. Not )
10dest are the prices
CHAMPAGNE
Bottle Case
MAXIM BRUT 1945 5.87 63.40
Dry, flavorsome—cap
tures the effervescence
of Maxim’s
RED
MARGAUX 1947 HOG. .17.00
BEAUJOLAIS 1949 1.68 18.10
POMMARD 1947 2.80 30.30
WHITE
GRAVES 1947 . 1.43 15.40
ALSATIAN RIESLING 1950... 1.77 19.10
POUILLY FUISSE 1949 2.00 21.60

 

Here is the gayest and most exciting
Sailing gift that we have yet run
across. Imagine the effect! — the
Champagne arrives in the stateroom
surrounded by ice in this delightful,
hand-painted metal cooler—and it’s
ready to be served.

SEE THE NEXT PAGE ffor the list
of some of the Champagnes from which
you may choose. You can order a single
bottle or a whole case. ADD ONLY
$3.50 to the total for the cost of the
container.

<>
?
