     
  
  
  
   
    
  
  
  
   
   
 
  
 

 

 

The intellectual attractions of wine
are less quickly understood than the
sensory ones. At twenty-three I did
not grasp them at all, and thirty
years later am still but a grade-
school student. The fact is that, like
philosophy or law or mathematics,
wine is a subject, or what Arnold
Tovnbee would call an intelligible
field of study. The easiest way to
comprehend this idea is to realize
that one can ta/k about wine, and
on a dozen planes, from the ‘simple
one of an exchange of likes and dis-
likes, to more complex Ones involv-
ing the careful analysis of sensations
together with such fields of inquiry
as history, geography, topography,
physics, chemistry, law and com-
merce. If I may quote from myself:
“Name me any liquid—except our

own blood—that flows more inti-
mately and incessantly through the

labyrinth of symbols we have con-
ceived to mark our status as human
beings, from the rudest peasant fes-
tival to the mystery of the Eucha-
rist.”” To take wine into our mouths
is to save a droplet of the river of
human history.

The old-fashioned phrase, at once
noble and jocular, “‘to discuss one’s
wine” glows with meaning, just as
no meaning would attach to a “‘dis-
cussion”’ of ice-cream soda or any
of those children’s pop beverages
which we grown-up Americans actu-
ally drink, giving the unsympathetic
observer the same queasy feeling one
gets from watching an adult playing
with a rattle in a Junatic asylum.

Similarly, it is no accident that
the subject of wine should have
stimulated the thought of so many
serious writers, from the greatest,
such as Plato and Euripides, down
through Peacock, Thackeray, Mere-
dith to such rare spirits of our own
day as Samuel Eliot Morison and
the late Hilaire Belloc. Civilized
minds turn to wine precisely because
they are civilized; because wine is a
civilizing agent, one of the few de-
pendable ones, one that again and
again has proved its life-enhancing
properties. When you find a first-
rate mind, like Shaw’s, rejecting
wine, you have probably also found
the key to some weaknesses flaw-
ing that first-rate mind. The Found-
ing Fathers, if recollection serves,

were all wine drinkers; some subtle
coarsening, a slight lowering of the
national tone, made its entrance
with Andrew Jackson and his gang
of corn-liquor devotees. H. Warner
Allen’s claim may seem a little large,
but not absurd: ‘Main Street would
vanish if all its inhabitants drank
half a bottle of wine with each
meal.”

As a subject one can as easily
finish with wine as with Shakespeare.
There is always more to be learned
and therefore more to be communi-
cated, for wine does not isolate but
binds men together. As one drinks
more and better bottles many men-
tal processes are called into play,
memory, imagination, judgment,
comparison being but a few. Even
volition is involved, as when one
summons the will power to resist a
flabby acquiescence in the opinions
of other wine drinkers, or refuses to
be bluffed by the prestige of a great
year or label. At such moments one
may even claim to be performing a
moral act.

I believe these things deeply, just
as, like any sensible person, I dis-
count the abracadabra of wine: the
excesses of connoisseurship, the ab-
surdities of finicky service, the cere-
monial of a hierarchy of glasses. the
supposed ability of the expert to de-
termine from a few sips which side
of the hill the original grapes were
grown on. With wine, the requisite
elements are three: a bottle, which
may be a country-wench Rhone, sur-
rendering at once its all, or a magis-
terial Romanée Conti, calling for in-
volved investigation; a glass, preferably

thin, clear, and holding at least half
a pint; and a lover. (Perhaps I should

add a corkscrew.) But this lover will do
well to possess knowledge, the more
the better.

Of such knowledge I can boast but
little. To learn about wine you must
consult the manuals of the learned.
I record here, not information, but
merely the birth and growth of an emo-
tion. The small store of knowledge I
possess I did not begin to accumulate
until about seven years after my re-
turn from Paris. During those seven
lean years Prohibition played out its
dismal tragi-comedy. In 1933 I made
the helpful acquaintance of Frank
Schoonmaker, then a youthful ama-

teur, now one of the greatest living
experts, particularly in the subtle field
of German wines. In a small way I
helped to launch The Complete Wine
Book, by Mr. Schoonmaker and
Tom Marvel, one—and by far the
best—of the flood of manuals re-
leased by Repeal. I even invested
the sum of five hundred dollars in a
wine-importing concern, lost every
cent of it, and have no regrets. A
visit to the beautiful Widmer winery
at Naples, New York (where the
hospitable Mr. Widmer laid out for
us twenty-three wines on a broad
Open-air trestle table), made me
aware of the treasures of my own
country.

I learned that most of the few
simple rules about drinking wine are
not chi-chi, but sensible conclusions
drawn from hundreds of years of
the experience of intelligent men. I
learned also that these rules are not
inflexible. It is standard practice,
and good practice, to marry Chablis
to shellfish, but the best Chablis I
ever tasted was a super-chilled bottle
drunk in defiant gulps, unaccom-
panied by any food, on a very hot
day when I was very thirsty. One
morning at 3 A.M., tired and fam-
ished after eight hours at my writing
desk, I ravished the kitchen and ate
two cans of unheated Vienna sau-
sages on Vermont crackers, to-
gether with a whole bottle of Chas-
sagne-Montrachet °45. Barbarous?
Not at all—merely an instance con-
troverting Robert Browning, with

the time and the place

And the loved one all together !

I suppose no account of a happy
marriage can be, except to the par-
ticipants, notably interesting. I shall
hurry over mine. Repeal came at the
end of 1933; hence next year wine
and I will celebrate the twenty-fifth
anniversary of our legal union.
(Don’t send silver; glass will do, with
the proper enclosures.) The chang-
ing embodiments of my spouse have
on occasion disappointed me: some,
the termagants, developed an acid
temper; the reported charms of
others faded upon consummation.
Many were not worth the bride-
purchase price. With still others,
though good of their kind, I found
myself, after a decent interval of
connubial experiment, temperamen-

  
