New York Post
Finaneial Section

——

YOUR DOLLAR 2 #2*:omeseeeree ws erecren:

Investing in Wine

4S vecmmmommrrmpreeevcowesneecenes SYLVIA PORTER

You are typical of increasing millions of American families
if you are planning to serve wine at your Thanksgiving dinner
this Thursday. You are also typical of millions if you are be-
coming increasingly interested in the subtle details of how to
buy, store and serve fine wires,

Last year, we in theU. S. bought $910 million of wine—vs.
$570 million in 1950. The number of wine-drinking Americans
is growing at a yearly rate of 10 per cent and the number
consuming fine wines is growing on a similar scale, according
to Michael Aaron, general manager of New York's Sherry-
Lehman Inc.

Yet the supply of fine wines Is severly limited. The world’s
highest quality wines come from less than 5 per cent of the
world’s entire vineyard area. As a result, by the time a great
wine is ready to drink, it is so scarce that the price tag is
acceptable only to the affluent among us.

% * +

For instance, if you had bought a bottle of 1961 Chateau
Haut Brion, one of the finest red Bordeaux wines available in
1963, you would have paid $6.50:$7 for the bottle. Today, only
four years later, the same bottle costs $12.50,

Today, a case of 1964 Chateau Lafite-Rothschild will cost
you $120. A case of 1961 Lafite-Rothschild will cost you $195
-—if you can manage to find any for sale. And if you can
track down any 1955 Chateau Lafite-Rothschild, which you
probably can’t, it will cost you $235 a case.

Or, let's say that in 1949 you gave a case of 1947 La Tache
(an historic red Burgundy from the great Romanee-Conti
domain in France) as a new baby present. The case would
have cost you about $60. But this year, of the child’s 18th
birthday, the retail value of the gift comes to about $250.

These examples dramatize the high and still climbing
values of great wines today due to sharply limited supplies and
zooming demand. Of course, federal and state laws prohibit
the ordinary consumer from selling or reselling wine he may
have bought at bargain prices. Nevertheless, the examples
suggest other ways to reap the maximum return from your
wine investment.

” & x“

Your best move, as a wine buyer, is to stock up on wine,
or give it as a gift, as soon as possible after it has been bottled,
However, Aaron warns: “If you are going to give wine as a
baby present, make sure the baby is born in a good year and
in a year that will be long-lived.”

In the 1960s, the great wine years for Bordeaux and Bur-
gundies were 1961, 1962 and 1964. The 1966 Wines, both red
and white and from all over Europe, which will be reaching
the U. S. marketplace between now and 1970, also are slated
to rank among the all-time greats.

Any top, respected wine merchant can advise you which
of the newer wines are the best buys today, in terms of quality,
prices and your personal preferences. He can tell you, too,

hich wines, such as the popular Beaujolais, should be con-
sumed within a few years and which, such as many of the
finer Bordeaux and Burgundies, should be laid away for long
periods. (In some cases, wine merchants have arrangements
with public warehouses in which customers may store wine.)

Your wine: merchant also can guide you on times to review
your wine holdings by periodically sampling representative
bottles—or; if your wine is stored in a warehouse, by ordering
comparable bottles at a restaurant. This is vital, if you are
holding significant amounts of wine, for this is the way to
avoid the pain of discovering that valuable wine has passed
its peak.

THIS ARTICLE APPEARED IN THE NEW YORK POST
ON NOVEMBER 22nd, 1967

Miss Sylvia Porter indicates how wines have gone up astronomically,
as of 1967. What are the prices today? What do you think they might
be two years hence for the same wines? As a matter of interest, we
compare them below.

Today, the wines that Miss Porter refers to are selling as follows:-—
Chateau Lafite Rothschild 1964 $159.30
Chateau Lafite Rothschild 1961 378.00
Chateau Lafite Rothschild 1955 355.00
La Tache 1959 — Domaine de la Romanee Conti. 378.00

However, we happily report that this dramatic climb in prices takes
place only among the great vineyards which are short in supply and
must face an ever-increasing world demand. One can still buy at
modest prices, hardly moving up faster than the rate of inflation, in
such areas as Beaujolais, Pouilly Fuisse, the lesser red and white
Burgundies, Champagne, the less-famous Clarets, German and Italian
wines, the wines of Spain and Portugal, the country wines of France,
and wines from the Loire, the Rhone, and the wines of California.

As in the world of art, the prices for a Picasso, a Chagall, or a Monet
will soar—but the excellent work of less famous artists only move up
modestly despite their intrinsic merit. And so it is with wines.

 

Re S = ; Ege § aay .

ERRY-LE

MANN, INC.

WINE & SPIRITS MERCHANTS
679 Madison Ave. At 61 St., New York, N. Y. 1002] - TEmpleton 8-7500

 
