 

3401 BACK BAY VODKA (S. S. Pierce Co.)

The traditional firm of S. S. Pierce Co. is justly proud of this perfectly made Vodka. We
honestly believe it is quite the equal of many Vodkas that sell for $1.00 more the bottle. For

No.

3302 BACK BAY GIN (S. S. Pierce Co.)

S. S. Pierce Co. has now been on the New England scene for 130 years. Here is their impeccable Gin,
at full 90 proof—clean, bone dry and relatively bland—distilled to add distinction to your Martinis
and summer drinks. The “Back Bay Gin” is in the very best American tradition, symbolizing the
Boston of by-gone era...the elegance of carriage days. This gin was extraordinary fine value at
$3.69. Available in FULL QUARTS at $4.55 each, $52.40 the case.

535)

WILLIAM HOGARTH IMPORTED GIN (England) .

 

SALE PRICE
Bottle Case

3.69 42.75

4.99 58.50

Bottled at 94 proof, this superb Gin, made in London, proudly bearing the name of William Hogarth,
is an irresistible bargain for those who want England’s best Gin at low sale cost. It was William
Hogarth who created the famous engraving “Gin Lane’”—and it is fitting indeed that this proud

product should bear his name.

. 3.69

42.75

those who are economy minded, we suggest added saving with FULL QUARTS at $4.55 each,

$52.40 the case.

3407 FREDERICK CHOPIN VODKA (Poland) .

Vodka drinkers attention! Here is a great value in fine Vodka. It is a full 100 proof, and
made in Poland, which has long been the home of the finest and purest of Vodkas. It
has all of the dashing exuberance and power of the Slav soul, just as Chopin’s music
is the outgrowth of Polish culture. A unique opportunity to add quality and interest to
your Vodka drinks this Summer and save.

§

4 BRAND

Tie Prine Heerizif zp flzr: ~

Page Fouraws

  

 

La

Seine The

4.99

38.50

Autheéntie

APERITIF

of FRANCE aa

litre

34.50 case

        
     

     

& Op
Sulviok Chopin

       

 

ARRIVES IN TIME
TO ADD ITS CHEER TO
YOUR SUMMER LIVING

“La Seine” captures the leisurely,
cheering qualities of the invigorating
aperitifs that are consumed so joy-
Ously at the sidewalk cafes of Paris.
This is not just another aperitif, but
the best one we have ever tasted.
Following the French custom, it is
available in the large, 33 ounce litre
bottle. Serve it on the rocks with a
twist of lemon; mix with Gin for a
unique cocktail; or with soda as a
refreshing highball.

The bottle is one-third larger than
the usual aperitif, which makes the
cost per ounce for this excellent
French product, wonderfully low.

 
  
   
 
 
 
 
  
   
 

 
