 

 

 

In the current issue of HOUSE BEAUTI-
FUL, Linda Downs reports on the favorite
everyday wines of well-known wine enthusi-
asts. It is of interest to note that Interior
Designer Audre Fiber, publisher Harry N.
Abrams, and wine merchant Michael Aaron,
all chose the Brouilly. Chateau de La Chaize
as their preferred red wine companion. We
are inclined to agree and recommend it en-
thusiastically, not only for your own per-
sonal pleasure, but for those on your eift
list that would like to experience its out-
standing excellence. The price of the 1973
Chateau de La Chaize is $3.99 the bottle,
$44.50 the case—a relatively low price in-
deed for the Beaujolais that won three Gold
Awards for its 1973 in blind tastings held at
Macon and Paris... American wines are
now coming into their own. An easy way to
familiarize yourself with how good they can
be is by simply acquiring the Brother
Timothy Wine Sampler (see Page 9)—holds
six superior varietals in handsome wine rack
and all six cost only $21.58. Also provides
an intriguing low cost Christmas mae 5 5
the more popular Spanish Sherries are ex-
tremely expensive. We urge that you enjoy
the good, lower cost, aged sherries of the
House of Rivero, the oldest sherry firm in
Jerez. See Page 7 for details...

The famous French Champagnes have now
become rather costly, commanding any-
where from $11 to $26 the bottle—all the
result of great scarcity in relation to ever
increasing demand. In light of this, it is no
ordinary event to be able to offer you the
LAURENT PERRIER BRUT RESERVE
at the astonishingly low sale price of $7.95
the bottle, $85.40 the case. Laurent Perrier
is one of the great houses of the Champagne
district and it would be wise indeed if you
were to acquire your holiday supply
promptly, before our limited shipment is
all gone... another Champagne that stands
for supreme quality and low cost is the
LANSON CUVEE DE FAMILLE BRUT,
a wonderfully dry and beautifully balanced
Champagne. The price is excellent—only
$9.95 the bottle, $107.45 the case...

Interesting new wine and food books are
now being released. There is a new edition
of Alexis Lichine’s monumental book bear-
ing the title ‘New Encyclopedia of Wines
& Spirits.’ It not only is an up-to-date and
indispensible reference, but will provide
many pleasant hours of happy wine brows-
ing... our good friend, Richard Olney, has
written a cookbook we have all been looking
for, bearing the modest title of ‘Simple
French Food’... our associate, James Beard,
has devoted a half century of his life to

48

Printed by ATWATER PRESS— 12/74

creative cooking. His new classic ‘Beard on
Food’ has just been released, providing new
approaches to food preparation.

We have all been looking forward to the
time that we can start tasting 1970 red
Bordeaux, one of the great vintages of our
generation. We happily report that some of
the ’70s have now achieved sufficient bottle
age so you can experience its excellence
now. The two that we particularly recom-
mend are Chateau Les Gazelles and Chateau
Latour Haut Vignoble—both are below $4
the bottle and both are described on Page
18... Chateau Haut Brion 1967 is a classic.
Do you know you can buy it at our shop
for only $179.88 the case even though it
fetches over $270 in Bordeaux today whole-
sale? ... The Cotes-du-Rhone Rouge 1972
of the La Vieille Ferme is still a consistent
best seller because it provides an eminently
satisfying red wine at only $2.29 the bottle.
It will cost more next year, so we suggest
you anticipate future requirements now.

Jean Danflou is not only an extraordinary
taster and authority on spirits, but among
the most civilized of men. His brandy bou-
tique on Rue Thabor has become a shrine
to Parisian gastronomes. His Cognacs,
Armagnacs, Framboise, Mirabelle and

Prunelle are remarkable after-dinner de-
lights and endowed with its own uniqueness
and personality. Produced in small quan-
tities, you will find them superior and utterly
outstanding. We advise turning to Page 44
to learn more about them.

The Bollinger Carrying Basket can be the
most exciting of gifts. Not only does it con-
tain six wonderful bottles of Bollinger Brut
1969, but the basket will remain in the
household as an object of beauty and utility,
long after the contents have been consumed
and enjoyed (see Page 42) ...A suggestion
in economy—buy three cases of Ballantine
Scotch as one delivery and enjoy an addi-
tional 5% discount.

ON SALE!
TWO OUTSTANDING
CHATEAU-BOTTLED
1966 RED BORDEAUX!

Note low price for a Grand Cru St. Emilion and
a classified Margaux great growth—both of the
1966 vintage. Superb for present drinking, with
long life ahead.

No. Bottle Case

253 CHATEAU TERTRE
OAUGAY 22.2. 5.49 59.30
A Grand Cru St. Emilion vineyard that
sold for $8.09 only last month. Astonish-

ing value at $5.49.

506 CHATEAU MARQUIS
DE TERME... 8.49 92.00

Among the 62 vineyards that were classi-
fied great in 1855. A distinguished 1966
Margaux.

CC

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

    
