     
   
  
     
   
  
     
   
  
   
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
   

Announcing the Most Beautiful
Wine Book Ever Published!

 

Only
$2 9° Special Selection of

Regularly Sells for $50 The Book-of-the-Month Club

CLIFTON FADIMAN—well known author, critic and editor—has long been a lover of wines. SAM
AARON- president of the renowned wine shop Sherry-Lehmann—is one of America’s leading wine
experts. Together they have brilliantly collaborated to create a veritable tome of wine treasures. This
sumptuously illustrated volume is a true encyclopedia of wine knowledge, and a compendium of wine
lore. Published by Harry N. Abrams—acclaimed for their classic books of art—The Joys of Wine’ con-
tains 450 pages alive with full-color photographs, creative essays, historic background information, and
intricate maps of the wine communes that cover the globe.

When Frank Prial was wine editor of the New York Times, he reviewed ‘The Joys of Wine’ and
proclaimed, “Fadiman and Aaron go together like Mouton and Rothschild, or Moet and Chandon. Just as
several fine wines can be blended into one superb one, two talented people can, together, produce an
extraordinary wine book. Blending their talents and enthusiasm was an inspired idea. This volume ts
the proof.”

 

More than two decades have passed since the publication of “The James Beard
Cookbook’ Knownas “the dean of American cookery” and now at the pinnacle of
his long career, JAMES BEARD gives us his crowning achievement.

‘The New James Beard’ joyfully holds 1,000 recipes—old favorites and new 8 16°°

creations that reflect the current emphasis on lightness, freshness, flexibility and

surprise. Sharing the expertise of a lifetime, James Beard has come to believe Available
that we are now in the most exciting time in our culinary history and has found 3

his own attitudes toward food have changed profoundly. There are 640 pages of mid-September
recipes—old ones have been freshly reworked; new ones have been enticingly

created. For example, in addition to his famed Southern fried chicken, you will

also find such new interesting dishes as snow peas sauteed with cucumber, or

lime-and-ginger sherbet. New seasonings have been introduced; new concepts

in menu planning have been suggested.

ltt OE CLL AAT: |
ee $ ies af :
esd fe si aie fe gk
¥ Bi i. Hi fife] i Vf |
/ PRO fe ds tif [1 j? if /

 

Con na
° ° “ . ° ~ . : ” yo 1
It has been said that James Beard is “a man whose vast culinary skills match his heroic proportions. ee
‘ From the man most responsible for the happy awakening of the American palate, here is a definitive, fresh INe We
é and richly rewarding book that will immediately be recognized as a classic. lashior
the rec
We
Soil that is conducive to the nurturing of grapevines, is often found neighboring fields of
heavily-laden olive trees. We combed the wine countryside, and came up with two amazing Ke th
discoveries. For our Wine Caves customers exclusively. absorb
We
is manufactured by a small firm in the heart of the Rhone Fn

Valley. Made from Mt. Vausclaus olives, the oil is stone ground and cold pressed by hand—just
as it has been for the last two hundred years! Stored in 300-year-old cellars, La Vieille Ferme
Olive Oil carries the ‘tres vierge’ name of quality. Of the first press, it possesses the rich, distinc-
tive taste of Provence olives and is exceptionally fine. In 500m! bottle. ; cat Prepar

$9.95 i

is made from aged stocks of the same Spanish

bodegas that house the great casks of Sandeman Sherry, among the finest in the world. With an W;
ee characteristic of fine Sherry, here is a vinegar of unique taste and piquancy. In 750ml Fr
0ttle. :

 

$7.95
