  
 
 
   
   
    
    
   
  
   
    
   
   
    
 
   
   
  
   
  
 

 
    
 

from SPAIN

4 Superb:

peo

The name of Wisdom & Warter, now over a sell
Oh

   
   
 
 

 

: |"

century old, has long been respected for the mag:
nificent quality of their Sherries within Spain 5
and throughout the world. Here is a unique oppor- =
tunity to acquire some of Spain's finest Sherries

at dramatically low cost.

WISDOM’S SHERRIES SALE PRICE
Ci

No. Bottle

cl WIcDOINS FINO PAIMA °.. 7... ... 1.59 - 17.95 ’

A magnificent example of bone dry, pale, straw colored Sherry. This classic “Fino Palma” has helped Wisdom &
Warter achieve its great international reputation, now a century old. An ideal aperitif whea served slightly chilled.
The equal of many Finos that command $3.00 or more the bottle.

$2 WISDOM’S ROYAL BROWN OLOROSO ... 4.79 19.95

There are few wines produced in the world that quite achieve the rich, deep flavor, or dark color depth of a fine
Brown Sherry. Here is a typical, fully aged example. Highly recommended between meals with fruit, nuts or

cake, or as an after-dinner dessert wine.
Sa) $3 WISDOM’S AMONTILLADO FINO... .. 1.99 22.65
As this name implies, a good Amontillado belongs to the Fino family, but they acquire certain different character-

istics as they mature; the color becomes more amber-like. As in the Finos, they are very dry, more nutty in flavor
and develop greater body. Here is a perfect example of fine Amonitillado that normally commands well over $3.00
the bottle.

On WISDOM’S GOLDEN CREAM. ... . . . 249 27.95

    

Generally speaking, a top-flight Cream Sherry such as this is the oldest and most luxurious of the wines found in
the Bodegas of Jerez. Usually, a fine Cream Sherry of a reputable firm commands $5.00 or more the bottle. It is
no ordinary event to obtain this medium dry, dramatically rich, wine for only $2.49. We urge that you try it.

: THE MOST CHEERFUL
Vins Du Pays of California

LOST} RCA
Wale je
Willd at a gm

At prices that will cheer a Parisian . fran
Bi

These gay, light-hearted wines, bottled e Pens
proudly at a vineyard on the Sonoma hill- 1@¢ ¢* 2 ig V0
sides, make no more pretentions to great- Mi oO

ness than the cheerful little country wines a
of France. Like these, they are fresh, clean Your Choice of

 

NRE

       
   
  

and satisfying wines such as can be found WW 4 ‘

in many of France’s country inn cellars; Red- hite Pink
none-the-less, good. Our ST. MICHEL $9999 1S 00
wines are available in the economic Gallon oe GALLON 2 I i

and they are without label or date, but

Case of 4
size; the more modest }2 Gallon quantity;
Choose among them. If GALLON | $459)

Any ncNGk

Case of 8
