   

 

   
  
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  

   

Gift Selections From
36A ALEXIS LICHINE

Scarcely a wine-lover in America needs an introduction to
Mr. Alexis Lichine—one of the great and renowned wine
experts of the world. (Take a glimpse at his remarkable
‘New Encyclopedia of Wines and Spirits’ if you need re-
minding.) Not all of his enthusiasm and expertise is de-
voted to writing definitive books, however — we present
here beautiful proof of Lichine’s talent as a wine grower.
Six bottles of his own elegant, delicate Chateau Prieuré-
Lichine 1971 and six bottles of the illustrious, rich Chateau
Lascombes 1971 cradled in our popular James Beard Wine
Rack will make an especially fine gift for anyone who loves
the great wines of the Haut-Medoc. Both of these top-flight
grands crus from the famed commune Margaux will pro-
vide years of dramatic wine-drinking pleasure.

12 bottles in wooden wine rack... 95.00

 
  
 
 
 
  
 
  

Note the handsome
box. It holds three bot-
ties Of Nozzole Chie - f DISTINGUISHED GIFT

FROM ITALY

anti Classico Riserva,
certainly one of the
best red wines from
Italy. There is no extra
charge for the box.

4.98 bottle

3 bottles in box com-
plete—14.94

 
 
 
 
  

RARE SPARKLING JEWELS FROM BOLLINGER

Madame Jacques Bollinger was the Grande Dame
of all Champagne and the guiding spirit of the small
family firm that year after year produces an un-
equalled array of top-flight Champagne. Because
Bollinger production is relatively small, each cuvee
—each bottle can benefit from loving attention im-
possible at larger concerns.

The wonderful wines that we are honored to pre-

Bin

452 SPECIAL CUVEE BRUT... 2... 2...

Oa

  
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
   
 

sent here deserve consideration as Christmas gifts.
Every wine-lover receiving one of these distin-
guished bottles in its handsome box knows he has
been presented with a wine that can make a serious
bid to be the greatest Champagne of France. The
Special Cuvee—the non-vintage Brut, the 1970, and
the extraordinary R. D. 1969, all represent remark-
able value.

The very Champagne favored by many English wine connoisseurs. Bone dry,
much finesse. Also available in halves, splits, and magnums.

T BRUT VINTAGE 1970") es

Superb example of Bollinger’s skill for making singular vintage Champagne.
This from the greatest Champagne harvest in a dozen years—1970. Also avail-
able in halves, magnums and giant four-bottle (96 oz.) jeroboam size.

aia fe VIN AGe 1900, 7 es -

Bottle Case
po 10.95 118.26
oe ee 14.89 160.95

19.95 215.75

The initials R. D. stand for récemment dégorgée—‘recently disgorged,’ mean-
ing that the wine was allowed to rest with its original sediment for a longer
than usual period. Only this year were a few precious bottles of the great
1969 cleared of their lees and made ready for export. This costly process
imparts an extra measure of depth and roundness to an already celebrated

Champagne.

 

 
