An important wine event is taking place at Sherry’s—the
remarkable 1966 red Burgundies, destined to be the most
long lived of our generation, have now reached our cellars,
bringing their extraordinary depth of flavor, roundness and
noble character to you—and each is priced at its low acqui-
sition cost, and not its current higher replacement value.

If you want to drink great red Burgundy NOW, aglow
with fruit and charm, drink the older years which you
see on the following pages—they will be most ready, and
dominate the scene for the immediate. If your taste runs to
Burgundies that have more depth, and therefore will need
more bottle age, acquire the 1966s now, while they are
available, keep them in your cellar for a while, and the
reward will be great in the future—that day when you pull
the cork and you experience a wine that is sure to be one of
Burgundy’s noblest.

No. Bottle Case

322 BEAUNE GREVES.. .-
Estate-bottled by Mme. Duchet.

“Greves’”’ is best vineyard of Beaune. Remarkable balance and grace. Long-lived.

248 CHASSAGNE MONTRACHET,

BOUDRIOTTES te a ee
Estate-bottled, Ramonet.

One of the two best red wine vineyards of the commune of Chassagne. Outstand-
ing character, ready now.

1034 GEVREY CHAMBERTIN .

A classic Estate-bottling from the cellars of Camus. Has all of the depth
and velvety qualities associated with the outstanding red wines of Gevrey-
Chambertin.

243 NUITS ST. GEORGES,
WARCAINS 85 3 et 8
Estate-bottled, Henri Gouges.

Excellent wines are produced in this township, especially at a top flight vineyard
such as “Vaucrains.” Look for the softness and balance and the earthy flavor
that has earned it its world fame.

624 CLOS DE LA ROCHE . .

Estate-hottled, Jean Ponsot.

‘Grand Cru’ vineyard in the commune of Morey-St. Denis, located only a short
walking distance from the great Chambertin vineyard. At its best (and this one
is), it is equal in power and depth to Chambertin itself.

234 VOSNE ROMANEE,
SOtG 4.

There is greatness here. From some of the best soil of Vosne-Romanée, ex-

pressed through the honest, uncompromising care and vinification of
H. Lamarche.

236 CORTON BRESSANDES_.

The Prince de Merode is related to the Kin i i i
he Prince. € f é g of Belgium. He is a man of high
discrimination. His noblest vineyard, and of which he is most proud, is this one,

No. Bottle Case

228 GRANDS ECHEZEAUX. .
Estate-bottled by H. Lamarche.

Don’t confuse this with “Echezeaux.” It is a much smaller vineyard lying just
above Clos de Vougeot. Much more distinguished than those just simply called
“Echezeaux.”’

224 BONNES MARES .. . .-
Estate-bottled by Clair-Dau.

A worthy companion to its neighbor, ‘Musigny.’ Firm strength, permitting long
aging. A giant.

306 POMMARD, CUVEE DAMES
DE LA CHARITE .. . .;

This outstanding Pommard was acquired at the annual Hospices des Beaune
auction. It has consistently commanded one of the highest prices at the historic
Burgundian auction. This very wine was bid in at about $70 the case, raw, for
the 1969 vintage — and this is without considering charges for care, interest,
bottling, or profit for any merchant!

372 CORTON, CUVEE DR. PESTE

Another outstanding example of noble red Burgundy acquired at the annual
Hospices des Beaune auction. Only nine cases remain.

750 CHAMBERTIN, CLOS DE
WA ee eee

Estate-bottled, Pierre Damoy.
Adjacent to the Chambertin vineyard, certainly its equal, and usually commands
about the same price. Big, sturdy, strong color, glorious after-taste.

212 VOSNE-ROMANEE,

LA GRANDE RUE .. .
Estate-bottled by H. Lamarche.

We will supress our desire to wax poetic and simply quote from Frank Schoon-
maker’s Encyclopedia “‘the wine of La Grande Rue is altogether astonishing;
produced by old vines and in extremely small quantity, it is unsurpassed, perhaps
even unequalled. by Romanée-Conti, Richebourg and La Tache. It would be im-
possible to give higher praise.”

596 LAROMANEE.... -

Estate-bottled by Domaine de la Romanée.

Here is a tiny vineyard, hardly two acres in size, which produces about 150 cases
annually of one of the rarest of the red Burgundies. It overlooks the Romanée-

Conti vineyard and just adjacent to it on the west. A great wine — a great rarity.

1072 BONNES-MARES ... .

Comte de Vogue has produced a small quantity of this great, great red Burgundy
at the Bonnes Mares vineyard, one of the best of the aristocratic wine town of
Chambolle-Musigny. We have some now, but all will surely be gone by October.

238 RICHEBOURG. ... .

The Domaine de la Romanée-Conti consistently produces the best of the Riche-
bourgs, rations it among the wine lovers of the world, and the price is always
the highest. New heights were achieved here during the 1966 vintage.

352 ROMANEESST. VIVANT.

A glittering new jewel has been added to the crown of the Domaine de la
Romanée-Conti — it is Romanée-St. Vivant. It adjoins both Romanée-Conti_ and
Richebourg, and takes its name from the ancient Priory. Full, soft, great bou-
quet, incomparable distinction.

1069 MUSIGNY, VIELLE VIGNES

Among the most expensive vineyard land in the world. There are only 16 acres
and some of it has been sold for over $30,000.00 the acre. Remarkable delicacy
and elegance, coupled with extraordinary bouquet. Matures beautifully and
over many years. Many consider the Musigny of Comte de Vogue the best single
red wine produced in all Burgundy. Quantity very limited.

 

 
