Convenient Order Form — Tear Out and Mail
Prompt Delivery Service Throughout United Parcel Zone

’
*
aie”
.

en 4 ee er en ee ee ee ee ee en ee eee ees enn nee ee ie er ee et

 

This catalog is designed to help you acquire worthy wines and
spirits for your own use, as well as those you may choose to send
as gifts. Browse among its pages—you will be rewarded if you
are willing to probe, experiment, and ultimately choose those

wines that most please your price and palate standards.

Though the wine list here probably represents one of the largest
collections of any wine shop, we are not neglectful of excellent
spirits, whether they be scotch, gin, bourbon, vodka, brandy or
liqueurs. They are all present here in glorious array, with par-
ticular emphasis on those that will lend themselves to good value
and holiday gift giving. We think you will find the selections

complete; your favorites are undoubtedly included

Particularly helpful is the knowledge that you can count on pleas-
ing, tasteful gift wrappings without added cost to you. But, per
haps best of all, you will be pleased with our knowledgeable,
friendly and dedicated staff, eager help and serve you —
whether it be during a friendly visit to our shop or by telephone.
Some of you may prefer leisurely armchair shopping at home—

if so, simply fill out the enclosed order form and your instruc

tions will be followed as though you were here personally.

To a gay and festive holiday season!

SPIRITS

 

We Invite You to Share Some of Our Discoveries

S MERCH oe AE
At 61 St, New York, N. Y. 10021 - TEmpleton 87500 aoe

Printed by ATWATER PRESS — 11/76

    

DELIVERY INFORMATION

  
 

WITHIN U.P.S. ZONE: No charge for delivery with-
in vast U.P.S. zone on orders of $25 or more. This
includes the five boroughs, Long Island, West-
chester, and most of Rockland County. Below $25,
kindly add $3.00 for each delivery

        
     
 

BEYOND U.P.S. ZONE (but within New York State):
No charge for delivery on orders of $200 or more.
Below $200, kindly add $22 for each delivery—the
minimum charge that trucking companies impose
for upstate deliveries. During mid-winter some up-
state areas may not be serviced by truck. If there
are any questions as to trucking facilities, kindly
inquire.

 
   
     
   
   
     
 
 

HOURS: Open until 7 P.M. daily. During the pre-
Christmas period, starting Monday, December 6th,
we will remain open until 9 P.M. each weekday
evening until December 23rd (Saturdays 7:00 P.M.)

 
   
     
 

SALES TAX: Within New York City, kindly add 8%.
Beyond New York City, kindly add the appropriate
tax for the area involved.

      
 
   

 

  
