  

SCHILD ‘56.11
SCHILD 32.11

1C 1982.
SCHILD #48

ic 1988.
at

Ms

 

uct *

 

 

ty
LOY

CHATEAU

 

LEOVILLE-LAS-CASES

THE

 

1964 VINTAGE

THE MOST PUBLICIZED YEAR IN WINE HISTORY

LIFE Magazine—in its current issue—
devoted four of their valued pages to a
photographic and verbal evaluation of
the 1964 harvest in France. M. Edgar
Pisani, France’s Minister of Agriculture,
proclaimed, back in July, that the 1964s
represented the “greatest vintage year
since 1921.” BUSINESS WEEK, only a
few days ago, talked about the First
Growth 1964 clarets commanding $95 the
case now and threatening to reach $125
by the time they are bottled in early 1967.

WHAT ARE THE FACTS? We quote
from a letter received on October 21st
from a respected vineyard proprietor—

“We have now finished the harvest...
and my guess would be that we are now
confronted with a vintage which is a cross
between 1953 and 1962. We have made
very soft, supple wines, which is a good
thing—as hard vintages are difficult to
cope with, for consumers are unable or
unwilling to wait for a slow maturing vin-
tage to show its full potential. In 1964, the
good red wines of Bordeaux will mature

rapidly—the wines have a beautiful, deep
color, and generally speaking, we should
be very pleased and happy with the
results.

“On the other hand, the year that had
all of the earmarks of pre-eminent great-
ness, all the way through to the end of
September, was reduced to less than per-
fection by the rainy weather that started
roughly on or about October Ist. Those
who waited, and picked late, will have
the quality of their total harvest some-
what reduced by what they harvested late
in the wet weather that prevailed during
the latter part of the gathering. This is
especially true for certain vineyards in
Pauillac and St. Estephe. But I am not as
yet fully able to assess whatever discount
in quality there exists in regard to these
vineyards because I have not yet been
permitted the opportunity of tasting the
wine which will be run off the vats where
picking took place recently. Frankly, this
is not the year of the century, nor is it
quite the equal of a 1959 or a 1961—but,
nevertheless, excellent in its own right.

“These remarks are restricted to Bor-
deaux—in Burgundy we can expect much
greater resulta There, the picking took
place this year ae than in Bordeaux
and furthermore, the beginning of the
rainy weather we had in avdeaae had
no effect whatsoever on the gathering
along the Cote D’Or.”

As serious wine merchants, we cannot
accept, unequivocally, the fantastic praise
poured upon “1964” by newspapers,

—Appraisal as of October 22nd, 1964

radio, as well as returning tourists from
Kurope. We can only report the result of
expert testimony provided by the most
highly regarded and pre-eminent vine-
yard owners of Europe. There is joy in
France today—and righly so— for 1964
has given birth to truly great wines in
Burgundy, St. Emilion, P omerol, Graves,
the Rhone, and even the Loire—alas, it
looks at the last moment, that the Sau-
ternes will not be nearly as great as antici-
pated a month ago before the rains. The
great vineyards of the Medoc were des-
tined for perfec tion and only missed it by
a narrow margin because of a last minute
villain—rain.

M. Jean Delmas, cellar master at Cha-
teau Haut Brion, writes on October 21st,
“We have a very good quality, a very soft
wine, very elevaal. powerful. with a very
good and dark colour. It is excellent, but
cannot be considered the best vintage of
the century—it will be something be-
tween the 1959 and 196], similar to, and
about the equal of 1953.”

And our young friend in Bordeaux, a
dedicated scholar and completely objec-
tive, comments, “With respect to the
1964s, it has been pouring with rain for
most of the past ten days. At St. Emilion
and Pomerol they finished vintaging
while the sun was still shining, and hin:
teaux like Haut Brion and Montrose
never felt a drop of rain. On the other
hand, some Pauillac vineyards held back
and only started vintaging the week the
rains started, as did the Cooperative of
Pauillac. Some of the great Bordeaux
vineyards were still at work last week,
and it seems that grapes averaging only
eight degrees of alcohol were brought in
on the worst days in the Medoce. In short,
the year will not be a 100% success.”

This last minute report confirms our
basic attitude. A little more time must
elapse to evaluate, taste and avoid error.
On the whole, the mote red wine vine-
rards of Burgundy, St. Emilion, Pomerol
and Graves leuk like a reasonably safe
bet, with the risk at the minimum. It is
equally obvious that one must pick and
choose very carefully when acquiring the
red wines of the Medoc. There will be
superbly good wines and some that will
prove disappointing.

In summary, let us be grateful for the
bounty of this vintage and for the pleas-
ure of looking forward to filling our
glasses in the reasonably near future with
some excellent examples of outstanding
1964 wine.

—JACK, SAM AND MICHAEL AARON

 

SHERRY WINE & SPIRITS °°"

679 MADISON AVENUE NEW: YORE, NW. Y-

A

       
