AS 1973 APPROACHES, the cultural explosion in wine in-
terest heightens. As evidence of the interest, we need merely
point out that the urbane NEW YORK MAGAZINE devoted
most of an issue to the subject during late October; TIME
MAGAZINE treated wine as a cover story late in November,
and the new economies monthly, MONEY, also treated the
product of the grape in great depth.

Each year, for the last decade, America has consumed 15%
more wine annually, with the growth rate threatening to go
higher in the future. The interest is not limited to the United
States but is showing up similarly in England, West Ger-
many, and Japan. The vineyards of California and Europe,
relatively fixed in productive capacity, simply cannot cope
with this ever-increasing demand. The consequence is that
the most sought-after of the wines—the great vineyards of
Bordeaux, Burgundy, as well as the Cabernet and Pinot
Chardonnay of California — have become scarce, and the
prices keep spiraling upwards. The lover of good wine need
not despair — he will simply have to develop the courage and
imagination to temporarily abandon the most prestigious
names if they do not conform to his budget. He must learn to
discover unheralded excellence — those vineyards that are
not world-famous but nevertheless contain high intrinsic
merit within the bottle.

This catalogue is designed to help you in this noble pursuit.
Browse among its pages — you will be rewarded if you are
willing to probe, experiment, and ultimately choose those
wines that please your purse and taste standard.

In addition to the joy and taste pleasure that wine bestows,
we do genuinely believe that a “modest sum invested in wine
will grow in value much faster than the same sum will yield
in the bank, even at 6% interest — and, in addition to the
financial advantages, you will get emotional dividends that
cannot be measured by the Dow-Jones index but are equally
valid.”

We Invite You to Share Some of Our Discoveries

 

Though the wine list in these pages probably represents the
largest collection of any wine shop in the world, we are not
neglectful of noble spirits, whether they be Seotch, Gin,
Bourbon, Vodka, Brandy, Rum and Liqueurs. They are all
presented here in their glorious array. with particular em-
phasis on those that lend themselves to gift-giving and good
value. We think you will find the selections complete, your
favorites are undoubtedly included, and you can count on
pleasing gift-wrapping without cost to you, and dedicated,
reliable delivery service so that none of your family or friends
will run the risk of being disappointed on Christmas Day.

But above all, you will be pleased with our knowledgeable,
friendly, and dedicated staff, eager to help and serve you —
whether it be during your relaxed visit to our shop, over the
telephone. For those of you who prefer leisurely armchair
shopping at home, simply fill out the enclosed order form, and
your instructions will be followed as though you were here
personally.

DELIVERY INFORMATION

WITHIN U.P.S. ZONE: No charge for delivery within vast U.P.S.
zone on orders of $25 or more. This includes Long Island, Westchester,
and most of Rockland County. Below $25, kindly add $1.50 for de-
livery charge.

BEYOND U.P.S. ZONE: (but within New York State): No charge for
delivery up to the Canadian border on orders of $150 or more. (This
is a minimum charge that trucking companies impose upon us for
upstate deliveries.) Below $150, kindly add $9.50 for each shipment.

HOURS: Open until 7 p.m. daily. During the pre-Christmas period,
starting on Tuesday, December 11th, we will remain open until 9 p.m.
each weekday evening.

SALES TAX: Within New York City, kindly add 7%. Beyond New York
City, add appropriate tax for area involved.

 

HERRY- LEHMANN, INC.

WINE & SPIRITS MERCHANTS
679 Madison Ave. At 61 St., New York, N. Y. 10021 - TEmpleton 8-7500

  
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
    
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
     
    
   
