  
 
   
       
   
     
   

       
   

   
   
 
 

    

        

  

         

_ |
) } t

i

 

4

 

i

pega
i,

( v4 | YY

Bie ll ahah

ca
IMPORTED FROM THE |

   
 

M

 
 

  
   

i

 

 

 

 

 

 
   
   
      

my aay

  
 
     

    
 

  
 
 

i }

     

 

   
 
    
    
 
     
   
 
   
   
  
     
 
   
   
   
   
 
    
   
      
  
 
    
  
    
   

 

 

lang Renn > > o
’ " COCR» ; " ie ie :
PApmn, lay a ]
R = ly FLAVORED WITH BUFFALO | G long |

Y holaichya

 

THE HUNTEK

  

:
i
a

   

Papper flavored wort

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

ait
a

 

Four Authentic Vodkas from Russia |

oo. TIME-LIFE BOOKS, in their ‘Foods

y SALE PRICE
_ of the World’ series, has just issued
‘RUSSIAN COOKING’. The plaudits Bottle Case
of the gastronomic world are just Below Below
starting to come in. 7
The co- L :
author, George Ve pachwily, Pale green in color. Flavored with wild Buffalo grass, the favorite food of the Zubra, or
was a member of the Czar’s army, ; :
: Polish bison. Grown only in the marsh lands of Bielorussia on the Russian-Polish
and until recently has been the

proud proprietor of a Russian res-
taurant in California. The Papach- green-tinged summer drink.

avoiding dilution.

A variety of flavorings can be added
to the colorless vodka to produce
an array of interesting drinks such

 

ST tion at even the most sophisticated cocktail party. Recommended before — or during —
1. Add peel of a lemon. the serving of Indian Curries and Mexican food. Though it may be 70 proof, we suspect
2. be bag in vodka for 2 hours. your guests will believe it to be much stronger, judged purely by the overwhelming
3. Add 2 teaspoons of black or white impact on the taste buds. Bane Relew

peppercorns. Strain out after 2 hours.
4. Crush 20 cherry stones and soak them
in vodka for 10 hours.
5. Keep anise seeds in vodka for 2 hours. Here is a full-flavored, 90 proof spirit, flavored with the kind of grasses that one dis-
6. 20 halved, pitted dark sweet cherries for covers on mountainous meadowlands. Even the scent of heather honey can be detected.
7 3 hours. Remove. To be served as an exciting, interesting accompaniment to strong cocktail food such as
. Put 7 blades of buffalo grass in vodka : : ‘cky patés, and the sharpest of cheeses. A great pick up after a
for 4 hours then remove 6 of them. You saucisson, salamis, garlicky pateés, an e sharpest o re eSes. / E a
now have ‘Zubrovka’. swim, tennis game, golf match, or on your return from fishing in the rain.

a

border near Pinsk. Usually served over ice with a twist of lemon. Makes the unique
‘Zubrovka Martini’. Absolutely delicious with ‘tonic’, particularly as an exciting, new

vilys have recently returned from Below Below
the U.S.S.R., eating their way Eat
through Russia’s vast variety of SLOLICHINA } ottie u |
foods and drinking vodkas in every From the Russian word voda which means ‘water’. No one denies Moscow’s claim that
strength, color and flavor. they invented the beverage and employ it freely along wie en and aa ee

Vodka’s popularity in America can be attributed to its mild character, complete dryness,
We quote from the book — and alee ati Its most frequent uses are in the ‘Vodka Martini’ = as a happy
The custom is to drink from a small companion to seasoned tomato juice; and in the Summer, it is joined with ice and
glass in a single gulp... vodka ‘tonic’. Here is the ‘original’, distilled and bottled in Moscow. The name ‘Stolichnaya’
should be ice cold and preferably sounds rather like a ‘sneeze’ — but in fact, it is the favored vodka in diplomatic circles
not served ‘on-the-rocks’, thus throughout the world.

Below Below

History reports that Peter the Great seasoned his vodka with hot red pepper. The taste
is astonishing, for you get an immediate bite on the tongue, guaranteed to cause a sensa-

  
 

Until Monday, Aug. 31st
First Offering In America
Four Different
Moscow-hottled Vodkas

Each is different—intriguing—
and acknowledged as the
standard by which Vodkas

are judged.

Buy Now— Save

Any one will add a
‘conversation piece’
To Your Summer Entertaining
