   
 

SHERRY
The most popular drink of Oxford

   

Bottle Case
High Table Fino Sherry 3.49 39.75

    
   
 

The Fellows, in their long black gowns, sweep to their places at High
‘Table—the Senior Fellow taps his gavel—the undergraduates rise—
and then the Fino Sherry is served. Thereafter, the famous Oxford
conversation flows freely, ideas are exchanged, and wit sharpens on wit.
It is out of this tradition that this honourable pale dry Sherry was born.

    
    
 
    

Abingdon Amontillado Sherry 349 = =«4Z5

St. Edmund of Abingdon occupied the exalted seat of Archbishop of
Canterbury from 1234 to 1240. He was the first Oxonian to become
Primate of the English Church and the first to be canonized. This
remarkable Sherry, bearing the name of the town in which St.
Edmund lived, is distinguished by fulness of flavour coupled with a
clean, dry finish. We know of no Amontillado which is superior.

 
   
   
   
     
   
   

Cyril’s Own Cream Sherry 4.95: = 55.75

Cyril, the butler, has loyally served the College for over thirty years
and is still there today. Cyril advises freshmen in choosing the right
wines; mixes the punch; prepares the ‘Loving Cup’ from an ancient
and secret recipe; and recommends the Sherry. Here is ‘Cyril’s Own’
Cream Sherry, the one served at tea-time and prior to the weekly
ordeal of the tutorial. Rich, full, dramatically luxurious, very old,
and the peer of any Cream Sherry on the market.

   
  
  
 
 
 
  
   
  
  
 
  
   

Oxford Castle

  

PALE AND DRY
COGNAC BRANDY

i TEPER IER. mevrecnrmrecnenhy Nperernenemc

E/fpecially felected for the Cellars of

ST. EDMUND HALL

mw the

i
Univerfity of Oxford

LLORES PET

 

PRODUCE OF FRANCE

PORT AND MADEIRA
Bottle Case
S7 Senior Common Room Fine Tawny Port 3.49 39.75

The cellars of Oxford are world-renowned for the impeccable
qualities of their Tawny and Vintage Ports. The Port ceremony—
OF the table is cleared; its mahogany surface is resplendent with fruit,
roth 7 bowls of nuts, candelabra; Port glasses are lifted, accompanied by the
ritual salute, ‘GENTLEMEN, THE QUEEN.’ This is the very

Port that has been used countless times for such occasions.

fil S8 Dry Rainwater Madeira 3.79 42.75

Mr. R. E. Alton, our Shakespearian scholar and friend at St. Edmund,

reports, ‘Falstaff was said by Poins to have sold his soul for a cup

of Madeira.’ It is probable that Poins was talking about the
a” rich, heavy, and sweet Bual or Malmsey Madeira. Here, we recom- a
gl mend a Rainwater Madeira which is light, relatively dry and pale. University Seat
(gl It is often served slightly chilled, as one would a dry Sherry, before of about A.D. 1200
1 pS dinner. Experts tell us it is the best example of Rainwater produced

on the island of Madeira.

 
