  

Case

for beef

ITOir” 50

ler-taste,

. It goes
Suppers,

él zone,

“How to Eat Better for Lev Money”

 

by James Beard

JAMES BEARD’S menus have not only brought gastro-
nomic joy to America, but in some instances, as Clifton
Fadiman comments in his review, “Tosses the drowning
middle-income bracket American a needed feline. ge:
it is not a poor man’s book, but relieves the pressure on
the budget—preserves, perhaps even elevate, our stand-
ards of eating and drinking.”

The recipe for each course appears in his newly issued
book, “How to Eat Better for Less Money.” For those
of you who may have the book, we have indicated page
numbers next to each item, that would refer to the page

 

 

Muscadet, Vin de l Année 1970

Chateau Greysac 1966 (Medoc)

Charmes Chambertin 1964

E'state-bottled, Leon Camus

Marcel Pere et Fils Brut Champagne

Ragnaud V.E. Cognac

We happily report that ‘“How to Eat Better for Less Money” is a
selection of the Cookbook Guild, Better Homes & Gardens Book
Club, and the dividend selection of the Book-of-the-Month ee
Excerpts have appeared in the Ladies’ Home Journal, Woman's
Day, and “‘House & Garden.’’

A report from the publishers, SIMON & SCHUSTER—“‘Rarely has
a book on food and wine gained such momentum in activity (oli ge
ing the first months of publication. In addition to being a favored
choice of leading book clubs and national magazines, the day-
by-day sales in the book stores of America have exceeded our
early prediction. Based on these facts, we have asked the co-

authors, James Beard and Sam Aaron to prepare a volume are
will place more emphasis on ‘drinking and entertaining.’ As a
consequence, they are now working on a sequel volume ‘How
to Drink & Entertain Better for Less Money’—scheduled for
publication during the Fall of 1972.”

number in the book where each recipe can be found.

For those of you who do not have the book, please phone
or write and step-by-step recipes will be mailed to you

immediately.

Page No.
Shrimp Quiche (178)
eae : Veau (76)
ae Rice (189)
Wilted as Salad (142)
hee ae tray (164)
ee ee (210)

Coffee

|e Ace re cated
Diet
: ere
