 

 

 

 

Rhone Valley; Muscat and Malvasia, and
others. Most wines made from them carry,
when bottled, the grape-variety name. With
all due respect to the Fendant, they are cer-
tainly the most interesting and finest white
Swiss wines, of almost international class.
Naturally they are not always available in
pitchers and carafes.

AUSTRIA

In the high old days of the Austro-Hungar-
ian Empire, of Wien und der Wein and
Strauss waltzes, Vienna was one of the
world’s great wine capitals. Not only were
there vineyards practically within the city
limits, which are still there today, but half of
Europe sent its best bottles to the Hapsburgs’
table. Even far-off Schloss Johannisberg on
the Rhine owed its annual tribute to the
Emperor—a Zehntel or Zehent, one-tenth of
its production. From what is now Hungary
came the celebrated Imperial Tokays, and
Egri Bikaver, the deep-colored “bull’s blood”
of Eger. From what is now Czechoslovakia
came the wines of Melnik, and from the
Tirol, then Austrian, now Italian, a whole
collection of excellent growths. Even what is
now Yugoslavia made its contribution—the

AUSTRIA. Wine is treated Casually in Vienna,
waltzes and dancing in the cafés.

H6

 

lesser but often pleasant wines of Slovenia
and Dalmatia.

Now stripped of almost all these glories,
Austria nevertheless remains an important
wine-producing and wine-drinking country,
with a more-than-respectable annual harvest
of over 30,000,000 gallons. This is more than
Switzerland, and the average quality of
Austrian wine, made from better grape varie-
ties than the Fendant, is somewhat higher.

But here in Austria, too, wine is drunk in
the same easy, casual fashion, with a mini-
mum of abracadabra or ceremony, usually by
the quarter liter in Weinstuben, often with
music and dancing in the cafes in Vienna’s
suburbs, almost always when still young and
inexpensive, yet fresh, fragrant and charm-
ing.

There are, however, many Austrian wines
of superior quality which could be exported
and doubtless will, if the thirsty Viennese
can be persuaded to surrender them. By far
the best are white, and they bear a marked
resemblance to the finer vintages of the
Italian Tirol, and the wines of lesser Ger-
man districts such as Baden. They are fruity,
light and refreshing. They come mainly from
the Riesling, Veltliner, Gewurztraminer and

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

 

Wa,

and its suburbs. Lighthearted wines often accompanied Strauss

other grape varieties which we think of as
German. The terms Spatlese and Auslese are
used, though the wines so labeled are not as
sweet as on the Rhine.

Perhaps the Austrian wine we are most
likely to find in America is Gumpolds-
kirchner, from the town and district of
Gumpoldskirchen, south of Vienna; but
Vienna itself has a number of well-known
vineyards, and its suburb of Grinzing has
even more. Other outstanding wines are
grown in a district called the Wachau, in the’
picturesque and lovely Danube Valley, some
forty miles west of the capital, and names
such as Durnsteiner, Kremser and Loibner
are generally indications of superior quality.

A CONCISE GUIDE TO
THE SMALL WINES OF EUROPE

In this list an attempt has been made.
wherever possible, to identify the general
region from which the wines come.

SPAIN
(Wine names or brand names are in roman
producers’ names in italics. )
Aperitif Wine
Fino Sherries: Gonzales Byass’ Tio Pepe,
Domecq’s La Ina, Osborne’s Coquinero, Gar-
vey’s San Patricio. Manzanillas: Hildalgo’s
La Gitana, Perez Marin’s La Guita. Mon-
tillas: Cobos’s Fino Pompeyo, Solera Fina:
Cruz Conde’s Solera Fina.
Table Wine
Riojas: Compania Vinicola del Norte de
Espana’s Imperial (red), Clarete (red),
Monopol (white), Rioja Blanco (white):
Marques de Riscal (red); Marques de Mu-
rrieta (red); Frederico Paternina’s Gran Re-
serva (red), Banda Azul (red); Rioja Blanco
(white); Bodega Bilbainas’ Vina Pomal
(red), Diamante (white). Valdepenas (red
and white ).
From Costa Brava: Perelada (pink, red and
white ), Alella ( white).
From Tarragona: Barbier (red, white and
pink).
Dessert Wine
Malaga; Malvasia de Sitges.
PORTUGAL
Aperitif Wine
Sercial Madeira
Table Wine
Vinho Verde (red, white and pink); Colares
(red); Dao (red and white): Bucelas
( white ).
Dessert Wine
Port; Moscatel de Setubal; Carcavelos; Bual
Madeira, Malmsey Madeira.
SWITZERLAND
Table Wine
White: Johannisberg du Valais (or de Sion),
Ermitage. The following, made from the
Fendant grape, are listed in approximate
order of quality: Fendant du Valais (or de
Sion), Dezaley, Aigle, St. Saphorin, Neu-
chatel, La Cote.
Red: The following are also listed in order of
quality: Dole de Sion, Cortaillod, Merlot,
Nostrano.
AUSTRIA
Table Wine
White: From around Vienna— Wiener, Grin-
zinger, Nussberger; from the Danube Valley
— Durnsteiner, Kremser, Loibner, Wa-
chauer; from south of Vienna — Gumpolds-
kirchner. These names will also bear the
name of the grape variety, such as Riesling,
Veltliner, Gewurtztraminer and Rotgipfler.
END
Reprinted by special permission from Holi-
day, copyright 1962, by the Curtis Publishing
Company.

>

wee x

 

ia oie Fa

  
