he
on
He
ye

two
‘ate:
ully
the

ee Rea

a) «6 SN) «Oo BETTER FOR
oe "Ree “Bee Ba
DCAL ERO DIN : ASC. _ Recommended to those
TT accustomed to paying
over $4 a bottle for a
‘Spanish Fino’ and over

$6 for ‘Spanish Cream
Sherry.’

ind Shipped by

* Z YY a

SHIPPERS
IONTERA (s?hh

ary FIRM IN SPAN |

OO SHIPPERS
INTER | Here are some of the best
Sherries produced in
Spain from the venerable
house of J. M. RIVERO, the
oldest Sherry firm in all
Spain, established during

the early 17th century.

DON’T LET THESE LOW PRICES DISSUADE YOU
Here are the Greatest Sherries of Spain

From the Oldest Sherry House in Jerez

BWM dle mil) mee

cellence and dedication of the
historic firm of J. M. Rivero
provides. here a unique op-
eYolaUalh cele Ulm] 9) eT h
Sherry fancier_to acquire
some of Spain's finest forti-
fied. wines at prices that are

not simply low — but aston-

RN aoe

Whether you select ‘Fino
Jerez’, with its typical bou-

quet and pale color — or the:

majestic ‘1805 Solera’ which
is one of the most remarkable
examples of truly aged, full
flavored Sherries in existence,
you will be experiencing ‘the
best of class’ and at a cost
that would even delight a
thrifty Spaniard who under-
stands Sherries and their
dau MT} LOL

lf you wish to experiment
Pa SCMS LI Laa Se:
still enjoy case price savings,
TOUR Mlh acess wu ae

any twelve bottles listed here. .

Bottle Case

1239 RIVERO’S FINO JEREZ... . -. |. 3.49 37.70

A light, dry, delicate wine; pale, straw-colored; the typical, unmistakable bouquet of a Fino, slightly reminiscent
of almonds. The aperitif wine of Spain, ideal with hors d’oeuvres, consommé, and shell fish. Serve chilled as an

interesting change from the dry Martini.
1236 RIVERO’S “TROCADERO” AMONTILLADO 3.79 40.95

A good Amontillado develops out of the Fino family, acquiring its own unique characteristics as it matures; the
color becomes more amber-like, the flavor more nutty, and there is more depth in body. Its nearest counterpart in

our cellars commands over $5.00.
1237 RIVERO’S “EAST INDIA” AMOROSO . . . 3.79 40.95

The East India Amoroso obtained its name from the practice in the days of sailing vessels of sending casks of
Sherry aboard ship to the East Indies and back. The saying was, “the sea-sick wines of Jerez are worth double.”
The color is amber and the flavor is rich and full, occupying a mid-point between dryness and sweetness.

1238 RIVERO’S “CARRASCAL” CREAM . . . .- 4.99 53.90

The richer and older of the Olorosos bear the name ‘Cream’ Sherry. This concept was developed in Bristol,
England and Cream Sherries are extremely popular throughout the English-speaking world, particularly in the
U.S. Cream Sherry of this age and character, medium dry and dramatically rich, generally commands between

$5.95 and $7.75 the bottle. :
1240 RIVERO’S FINO MANTECOSO.... - - 4.99 53.90

The lightest of all sherries, dry, crisp, definitely an appetizer — a byword in Spain where it is also extremely

popular with the younger set.
1241 RIVERO’S DRY OLOROSO . . « - 4.99 53.90

A special blending of very fine sherries incorporating the traditional Sweet Oloroso characteristics with very dry

wines. A fascinating wine of good bouquet and flavor, perfect for modern tastes.
1242 RIVERO’S TRAFALGAR 1805 (Solera Vieja) . 8.95 96.65

Dark, golden sherry with great body, medium dry. A collector’s item, bottled from the original soleras established
with the barrels seized by the British at Trafalgar and bought back by Rivero in public auction at Tarifa in 1805.
Because the date ‘1805’ appears on the label and because the recipient will find this one of the most excellent
Sherries he has ever tasted, ‘TRAFALGAR 1805’ lends itself to being a most exciting gift to add a ‘sense of
history’ to the Yuletide festivities. ‘

 
