    
 
 
  
 
  
 
   
  
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
   
 
      
      
 
         

Hfard-to-find

SALE PRICE
No. Regularly Bottle Case
206. COL COURBE.VS.E.P.
[Grooked Neck Bote) . .. . 9. « 3.99 5.19 59.95

Col Courbé, in its interesting crooked neck bottle, is a fine Brandy with the delicacy and aromatic bouquet that can
only be achieved by a well made Cognac. A unique Cognac value.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

1225 FORTNUM & MASON’S FINE
CHAMIEXGNE COGNAC . . . 7.50 6.99 80.00

This interesting example of dry, English Market Cognac is particularly relished by Cognac connoisseurs. Great
Britain is a nation that takes its Brandy very seriously. Aware of this, the 250 Year Old firm of Fortnum & Mason
have acquired some of the best and oldest stocks of Cognac to meet the uncompromising demands of knowing
Londoners.

pales . 1% oe ed rm

ce

lis

2

 

1301 MARC DE BOURGOGNE
BE VMONIENGCHE?T .. ... . 9.75 8.99 102.00

From the grape pressings of Le Montrachet, the greatest white wine vineyard of all Burgundy, comes this full-bodied,
intriguing and remarkable Brandy. It is the proud product of Julien Monnot, a small but distinguished grower, who
owns some of the best land in the Montrachet vineyard. Brandy of this type is normally distilled only in the smallest
of quantities for private use and is hard to come by. However, we did manage to persuade M. Monnot to part with a
few of his precious bottles—a rare brandy that captures the essence of one of Burgundy’s greatest vineyards.

1297 SINGLE CASK UNBLENDED
COGNAC (1929 Vintage). . . . 9.98 9.45 108.00

Here is an Estate-bottled Cognac that was produced during a great vintage year (1929) in the most celebrated
part of the Cognac country, “Grand Fine Champagne”. It has remained in its unblended state in barrels from 1929
until the present date. Cognac of this calibre is difficult to obtain because no more than a few small growers have
the patience and aptitude to put aside, year after year, a distillation of their outstanding vintages.

 

 

 

THE MOST REMARKABLE COGNAC OF FRANCE

Since the early 19th century it has been the custom of the Hine Family to set aside
the best Cognac produced during a particularly outstanding year for their own
future use—ultimately this old precious reserve is served to honored guests on spe-
cial occasions. For the first time, Francois Hine, managing director of this venerable
firm, has consented to part with a few of these treasured bottles—each is numbered
and bears a back label relating the unique history of the contents, hand-signed by a
Hine director—the entire shipment is less than 300 bottles.

 

 
  

| ORANDE CHAMPAGNE COGNAC

'
For those who wish to experience a Cognac laid down in the mid-nineteenth cen- | Aunty Sh asere
tury, we know of no better example

gift to an appreciative friend.

|
‘
]

 

particularly suitable as an exciting Christmas

24.7 5 the Bottle

  

iT. Hing ac? |i

  

Page Twenty...

   
  
    

 

|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|

- 73°8.. Rt TiS Sey iene

SSR CSS? eh ct

  

%
‘a
“
2

f

"
By
x
2
co
ns
