 
 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
    
   
   
   
   
   
  
  

 
 

Portrayed here again a rugged background is the
Evilean Donan Castle, the 700 year old stronghold of
the MacKenzies. Earls of Seaforth at Loch Alsh in the
Highlands of Scotland. And, at this very spot stands
the 17 year old distillery house of P. MacKenzie & Co.
The whisky produced here, steeped in tradition and
certainly among the best of this lonely Highlands area
it is their tradition, and their love of the taste of good
honest Scotch Whisky that gives it its unmistakable
flavor. And the alert MacKenzies, with ear attuned to
modern taste, have made the blend a beautiful har-
mony of fine lightness, without loss of the flavor of
Scotch that has made it what it is through the centuries.

THE REAL MACKENZIE is available at 7.09 the bottle,
and 80.80 the case. If you have never tried it, you should.
For those that want their Scotch very old, and in the
grand manner, the old reserves of the MacKenzie dis-
tiller are available. The bottle proudly bears the age
statement—12 YEARS OLD. The price of the elder
brother is 8.90 the bottle, 101.45 the case. Both are
traditionally presented in the MacKenzie tartan gift

wrap.

The American cousin of the MacKenzie is an excellent
86 proof Bourbon produced in Kentucky. It bears the
popular, beloved name of KENTUCKY TAVERN. Dignity
has crossed the Atlantic because the decanter in which
it is housed is traditional and there is no added cost for
it. The price is modest—5.92 the boitle, 67.44 the case.

NUACKENZ,,

~,

 

“992A.” Skiers, returning from Canada, often
can be seen with 5 bottles of CANADIAN VEL-
VET as they pass through customs. The reason
—it is highly regarded in Canada, the home of
the whisky. It is a full 8 years old, very light,
beautifully balanced. A good package, a good
whisky, and a good gift. (75.81 case) 6.65

 

“22B.” Alexis Lichine takes us through a miniature wine tour of France with his

   

‘‘22C.” The most elegant police force in the

colorful “BOUQUET DE FRANCE” sampler case. The wines are red, white and world is bablv the er

rose, all Chateau or Estate Bottled. Will provide the wine lover with 6 tasting mee ji pelt eee ae elo ci

adventures in the vineyards of France Complete 10.50 Peer i He eae . -
: at wonderful, won-

derful Italian liqueur GALLIANO. The price in- -
cludes the liquid, the statuette, and the
charming gift box 13.75

BE.

 
