:
:

1 =e

ae A a SS SS, a a oe

Ton. fa TT

 

Offering of
(WU

We feel it is our obligation as wine merchants to make you aware that the great 1970 red wines of
Bordeaux can be acquired now, prior to their bottling, and at prices that will certainly prove to be lower
than what you will probably ultimately have to pay for them two or three years hence.

Although the quality in Burgundy proved to be good in 1970, we must remember that relatively it didn’t
achieve the exalted heights that were obtained in Bordeaux during the same year. Throughout France,
and rightly so, they are saying: ‘‘In 1969, Burgundy was the ‘star’, even though Bordeaux was excellent

., in 1970, Bordeaux took the.'center of the stage’.

As on Wall Street, the Bordeaux market has its own ‘Stock Exchange.’ The vintage was greeted with
enthusiasm, and opening prices were on a par with the 1969 opening, and the first offerings were quickly
snapped up. The second offerings are substantially higher, and even these are running into little buyer
resistance. Our prices are based on the ‘premier tranche’, or ‘first offering.’

Below are listed the great vineyards of the Medoc, Graves, Pomerol and St. Emilion. The exalted
‘Premier Grand Cru’ will probably not quote until late Spring, and therefore we simply list them so you
can reserve (they will be scarce)—subject to our ultimate quotation and, of course, confirmation on your
part. All of our quotations are based not on replacement value, but on our low acquisition cost. If you

the Great I gy g @
RED BORDEAUX

are interested in acquiring these wines, NOW—not later—is the time to do it.

If Acquired If Acquired
1970 VINTAGE aoe 1970 VINTAGE ae
og Case No. Case
M-1 CHATEAU LAROSE TRINTAUDON _
ae PRGCOGO a i 24.95 M-8 CHATEAU GLORIA (St. Julien) .............. 34.50
This noble vineyard has recently been replanted under Noble vineyard owned by Henri Martin, President of
the supervision of Professor Peynaud of the University Bordeaux Wine Growers Association, and Managing Di-
of Bordeaux faculty—a man who ranks among the fore- rector of Chateau Latour. In league with ‘Grand Crus.’
most oenologists of the world. The first vintage will be M-9 CHATEAU GREYSAC (Medoc) ............-- 34.50
1970 and now is the time to buy it, because soon its vir- A ‘sleeper.’ From an astonishingly fine Medoc vineyard
tues will be recognized and the price will go up substan- proudly owned by Georges Hereil, creator of the Cara-
tially. Soft, well rounded, free of flaws. velle airplane, and now President of Simca. His dedica-
M-2 CHATEAU FOURCAS-DUPRE (Listrac)....... 25.75 tion to excellence is reflected in this long-lived, noble
In 1885, over 60 Medoc vineyards were classified ‘Grand wine.
ee eted totey, ee ie M-10 CHATEAU DASSAULT (St. Emilion) ........ 34.50
Life book “Wines & Spirits” is of the opinion that : See : a
Chateau Fourcas-Dupré, because of outstanding excel- wee awarded the high classification of Grand Cr a
lence, would be included. Full, distinguished, long-lived. ae cms This peecsm es nes Sara OY ene
Obviously, a ‘best buy’ for 1975 or 1980 drinking. recent improvement in quality inspired by the proprietor,
Marcel Dassault, the famed airplane designer.
M-3 CHATEAU PHELAN SEGUR (St. Estephe) .... 26.50
An across-the-road neighbor of the more highly classified M-11 CHATEAU CLOS DES JACOBINS
Chateau Calon Segur. Similar in characteristics. (St. Emilion) eh NON CaF e ee seeds ewes vee 36.50
M-4 CHATEAU PICQUE CAILLOU (Graves) ...... 27.50 M. Cordier, proprietor of Chateau Talbot, is also proud
First introduced to this wine by Jean Delmas, Managing of this outstanding St. Emilion.
Director of Chateau Haut Brion. Typical Graves, good M-12 CHATEAU GRAND PUY LACOSTE (Pauillac). 37.95
body, priced well under its true class. ‘Grand Cru.’ Puy means ‘high point.’ Full-bodied,
M-5 CHATEAU CHAUVIN (St. Emilion) .......... 31.75 excellent.
Pleasant, quick maturing; soft and round. The vineyard M-13 CHATEAU LA LAGUNE (Haut Medoc) ........ 39.50
featured at the Cote Basque Restaurant. Classified ‘Grand Cru’ in 1855. Similar in flavor and breed
M-6 CHATEAU DE PEZ (St. Estephe) ............. 32.95 to its nearby Margaux neighbors, some six miles to the
Like Chateau Foucas-Dupré, this vineyard was also north.
singled out by the Time-Life book “Wines & Spirits” to M-14 CHATEAU MALESCOT ST. EXUPERY
be among those growths that have proven so outstanding (Margaux) <..-. 2 <2. 39.75
cient eae aaa an aac to be ranked with In same exaulted 3rd Growth 1855 classification as
‘Palmer’ and ‘Calon Segur.’ Full for a Margaux because
M-7 CHATEAU MEYNEY (St. Estephe) ............ 32.75

Relatively high in tannin, slow to mature — excellent
future.

of high Cabernet Sauvignon ratio, nevertheless, retains

its distinguished elegance. Another ‘sleeper’ priced well
below its true value.

M-23 |

f
M-24

M-25

en,
M-26

M-o"

 
