 
    
 

  

Hay Yo Sample

sete Adventures

Vineyards ‘mu

generation to generation, has yielded us
a tiny, but precious reserve, which in our
opinion, undoubtedly is the most
treasured Cognac obtainable today”. It
costs $24.75 the bottle, and is certainly
worth it. The few bottles that exist here
will soon be gone—I think you should
ceive a thought now to reserving some for
your holiday table and Christmas gifts.

    
     

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
      
   
   
  
  
 
  
  
 
   
  
   
   
      
  
     
    

.I shall let you in on another secret—
we shall be receiving by December about
20 cases of the commercially unavailable
and quite priceless La Romanée 1953.
This tiny two acre vineyard, a jewel in
the Burgundian crown, reached particu-
larly great heights in the 1953 vintage.

5 eat of 48 dimerent My advice is, should you want a case for
a remarkable a n the opposite page. Christmas, by all means reserve it now...
f the 48 cs ee practically every Remember, if any of your friends shall
oy ea Curent This sampler assort- be departing by boat this Fall, don’t miss
distinction of many sending them at least one bottle of iced

For the first time we offer
half bottles—everyore 0

1 t
E ‘ll find representec &
ane ine growing district of

important win home the individual ae Veit : ;
s right to your acter of its own. : o oav “ x ee

am es EMG, Spend e cha SN ane Chapt nthe gy Le Can Cen
will be trave 56 eal ieee. across the whole of France’s many Co., have been sending us the best in
galaxy of 24 different half Rhine, sone see, and then on-to:warERir Italy. or Vodka and Gin (both to be had at $3.69)
ite wines checked (*) greabvineyans \ MIXED Beee ...our recently discovered century-old
a. The 48 different half hott - ALL 48 sie — cellars continue to impress all who have
eee ced (Fy on the would cost $59.56 if purchase BOUL? § » G°” seen them—a magnificent two page color
age—(24 in all). individually. photograph of these cellars will soon

appear in the book on food and drink to
be issued shortly by LIFE Magazine...
the grace of California’s Almaden vine-
yards was beautifully portrayed in the
October 14th issue of Vogue...

utstanding adventure in com-
isting and an opportunity to
your wine experience, this
f 24 different half bottles is

The requests for
Christmas catalogs have started to pour
in. Ours will reach you during late
November, but there is no need to wait.
The brochure you are now reading is
sufficiently complete for you to make up a
selection for almost anyone on your list.
Simply mail us your gift list, the selection
for each individual, the gift card, and
leave all details to us. It will be delivered
on the date indicated and in the fashion
you desire. (If you prefer, we will supply
the gift cards and fill them out for you.)
This brochure surely provides all that is
required for comfortable armchair
Christmas shopping...

>,
cost $31.38 if bottles were
individually.

>) ASSORTMENT OF
4 HAL

 

U{\dtavarnrres

o
®
&
~~

—
=
* £5
je}
%
ad

 
     

Anan

SHERRY Wine & Spirits Co.
679 Madison Ave-New York
TEmpleton 8-7500

... Page Seventeen
