ae RARE VINTAGE PORTS

3}. Owe Oe America's Largest and Most Distinguished Collection
SHERRIES ON SALE! |
Authentic Vintage Ports are hard to come by. Like fine red Bordeaux, the development

An outstanding opportunity to acquire the fine wines of the oldest Sherry house in Jerez. takes place in the bottle rather than in the cask. All of these listed below are bottled
in about two years after the vintage, maturing in glass thereafter. The world demand
for these rarities has doubled within the last few years. When these are gone, there

will be no replacements. We urge early acquisition if you want to experience some
of the greatest wine produced in this century.

Vintage Grower Bottle Case

Best vintage of the '70s. Rich and full.

Bottled in 3 years after the vintage rather than 2, As
a result the wine is lighter, quicker-maturing and
readier for drinking.

A classic -- full and fruity.
Subtle, elegant, delicate.

Full, vigorous - great year.

Light, dry, delicate wine; pale straw-colored with the

Outstanding year combined with a peerless producer.
unmistakable Fino bouquet - reminiscent of almonds. sei cucecrenacaaas

Quinta do Noval is the Romanee Conti of Portugal --

Amontillado develops out of the Fino family, acquir- the greatest Port-producing vineyard in the world, Very scarce.

ing an amber-like color and nutty flavor as it matures.
The one the sophisticated citizens of Jerez prefer.

Great year -- Now scarce. London prices much higher.

ceeeernenneeeeeeeenceeneeeteeaeeenNetsnacn
that developed in Bristol, England. Much age and char-
acter, medium dry and dramatically rich.

The richer, older Olorosos bear the name 'cream,' a name

Light in body--intense in flavor.

A great long-lived vintage year in Bordeaux and Oporto.

Lightest of all. Dry, crisp, a byword in Spain where it
is extremely popular with the younger set.

The vineyards of Europe were blessed with sun and
perfect growing conditions in 1947. Great.

TRAFALGAR 18( 1M. RIVERC

Dark, golden, with great body. A collector's item.
Bottled from the original soleras established with the & H R Y L Mi AT N N IN

barrels seized by the British at Trafalgar and bought back Po NOT ER ‘ EH ' C.
by Rivero in public auction at Tarifa in 1805. Superb. * 679 Madison Ave. At 61 St., New York. N. Y. 10021 - TEmpleton 8-7$00

oi.

 
