 

vin

These attractive pink dry wines take on added charm and versatility in the summer
time. Happily blessed with the right type of gaiety and eye appeal, they can be
served with ice cubes in a tall glass instead of a highball, or they can be served chilled
with almost any food. Here is the finest collection of Vin Rose that we have ever

offered —- and at unbelievably low sale cost!

BORDEAUX ROSE 1952 (5 “VOC )- 2 ya

Delightful pink wine at amazingly low cost.

ABSA TIAN ROSE 1952 (Gaves Hantarl) 62>.
The pink wines of Alsace are particularly noteworthy for their extreme lightness,
delicacy and high drinkability. A beautiful example at low sale cost.

BONNE AUBERGE ROSE ee an a a

A consistent favorite — from “La Bonne Auberge” restaurant just outside of
Antibes, Cote d’Azur.

TAVEL ROSE 1952 (Chateau de TnNGeevedel\: 45.05;
Our tasters report that this is the best Tavel they have run across in a decade.
Perfect color, fine flavor and delightful subtlety. Estate Bottled at the Chateau.

CHIARELLO ROSE 1952 (Conte eUpOsteimiy G5 pa
From the lovely, smiling shores of Lake Garda in Italy comes this delightful pink
wine. Here is a Rose that can be described as Italy’s best.

ROSE DE BROUZAC 1953 (Ghateal Pascombes): 6s...

This young estate bottled thoroughbred from one of Bordeaux great vineyards, is
certainly one of the most charming and delightful pink wines ever shipped to the
United States. Exceptional character, finesse and bouquet. Available in half bottles
at 99¢, $21.95 the case.

LA RESERVE DE BEAULIEU 1952 (Domaine Mauvanne). ..

In the quaint town of Beaulieu-sur-Mer on the French Riviera can be found one of
the most remarkable restaurants of all France. From its unusual cellars comes this
delightful pink wine which captures so effectively the charm of the Cote d’Azur.
Available in half bottles at 99¢ each, $21.95 the case.

CHAMPAGNE ROSE (Grevin BO eae ge ee
It is no ordinary event to be able to obtain pink Champagne of such calibre, flavor
and balance at low cost such as this. Sheer perfection for the festive summer
entertaining.

Bottle

97

1.29

1.49

1.59

1.59

1.79

1.79

4.99

AARON, APPRAISES

OUR WINE BUYER, SAM

C as e

11.50

rA-0 Selects Our Wine Buyer, Sam

as a member of its jury

16.95 ‘ :
of six wine experts

17.95 On April 12th, LIFE published a Six-page article on wine
under the appropriate title “Wine Buying With The Mys-
tery Removed.” To clear the atmosphere in regard to

17.95 wine and dust a few of the ritualistic cobwebs off the

bottles, LIFE called in from various parts of the country
a jury of six wine experts. Members of the jury were

19.95 Sam Aaron, our associate at Sherry Wine & Spirits, Ella
Brennan, Charles Codman, Maxwell Kriendler. Alexis
Lichine and Frank Schoonmaker.

“ The jury’s first task was to spend a full day at the Carlton
19.95 House tasting, appraising and rating 24 wines. half Euro-
pean and half American. The second function of the six
experts was to choose a $25 wine cellar of good wines
which would enable the novice to discover what he likes:
and thirdly, to choose a well-balanced cellar for $100

which would include a goodly selection of wines for

 

TWO FRENCH

aa

meres
