On the subject of wine I need hardly dwell, for readers of

this catalog need no further illumination. They belong toa

group that probably represents about as far upwards as

we have gone in our ascent from the simians. Wine-

drinkers are humane, tolerant, witty, sociable, elegant,

learned and probably even fairly good-looking. For me to

tell you anything about wine and wine-drinking would be

there merest impertinence.

Furthermore, any customer of Sam Aaron and Michael Aaron is
bound to be a knowledgeable and discriminating oenophile. Why? Because
Sherry-Lehmann is not merely a store located at 679 Madison Avenue—it is a
kind of school, an academy pre-
sided over by a benignant faculty of
instructors and boasting an exten-
sive library of thousands of life-
giving classics, bound in glass and
interestingly titled. I have attended
this school ever since it first opened
its doors in 1934. Its erudite col-
leagues have, for over four decades,
been teaching me about wine—and
therefore about life, of which wine,
if properly understood, should
form a considerable part. It is a for-
tunate thing for me that the issuance
of this super-catalog gives me the
chance to thank them, in print, for
what, as wine merchants and
friends, they have done for me.

For, make no mistake, a wine mer-
chant, if he is a good one, is in aclass
by himself. He does not deal in
glittering gewgaws like a fashion-
able jeweler, or in mere dull
necessities like a grocer. He deals,
like Plato, in essences. He sells you
not an object, but a mysterious
substance akin to an idea which has

is the co-author of the
best-seller THE JOYS OF WINE, written with
our associate, Sam Aaron. He has long been
beloved by appreciative Americans during his
rewarding career as editor, author, essayist,
wine-lover, and radio and television personality.
(THE JOYS OF WINE is available in leading

To my good friends at 679 Madison
Avenue, and to all good wine
drinkers everywhere—a superb
bottle and a joyous and merry holi-
day season.

WITHIN U.P.S. ZONE: No charge
for delivery within vast U.PS.
zone on orders of $35 or more.
This includes the five boroughs,
Long Island, Westchester, and
most of Rockland County. Below
$35, kindly add $3.50 for each
delivery.

BEYOND U.P.S. ZONE (but
within New York State): No
charge for delivery on orders of
$250 or more. Below $250, kindly
add $30 for each delivery—the
minimum charge that trucking
companies impose for upstate
deliveries. During mid-winter
some upstate areas may not be
serviced by truck. If there are any
questions as to trucking facili-
ties, Kindly inquire.

HOURS: Open until 7 P.M. daily.
During the pre-Christmas period,
starting Monday, December 4th,
we will remain open until 9 PM.
each weekday evening until
December 22nd (Sat. 7:00 P.M.)

SALES TAX: Within New York
City, kindly add 8%. Beyond New
York City, kindly add the
appropriate tax for the area being
delivered to.

book stores as the most exciting of wine book

gifts.)

the power to enhance you life,
however slightly.

 
