 
 

  
 
 
 

  

le
1C
or

al

2 SN
1 Mee 5

ARRIVES IN TIME TO
BRING ITS CHARM 10
YOUR SUMMER LIVING!

Be the First on Your Block,
Beach House, or Mountain
Retreat to Enjoy the Fruity
Charm of this Outstanding
Beaujolais Broutlly 1969

which won the Gold
Award at the Macon Fair, is the proud, estate-bottled wine
grown at Chateau de la Chaize, one of the noblest and most
highly regarded vineyards of all Beaujolais. Here is wine
bottled within four months of the harvest — the kind of
Beaujolais that they are drinking in Paris, Lyon, Biarritz
and Cote d’Azur. Throughout France they serve it slightly
cool, at cellar temperature, as the ideal red wine accompani-

ment to warm weather menus.

The reward in young Beaujolais is great — particularly
when served outdoors as an accompaniment to the ham-
burgers, chickens and steak that comes off the charcoal grill.
The bouquet is reminiscent of a grape arbor, the fruity rich-
ness delights the palate. Like a “pretty young girl from the
farm” it can be enjoyed now, during its delicious youth.

vineyard, in the famed
wine growing district of Brouilly, has been maintained, from
father to son, for over four centuries by the Marquis de
Roussy de Sales family. Tradition dictates that they never
compromise with dedication and excellence. The Marquis de
Roussy de Sales is a director of Christian Dior, spending
most weekends with his charming wife, Nicole, among the

rolling hills of Beaujolais cultivating the vine.

Here, we are not dealing with a nondescript Beaujolais, but
rather with an estate-bottled Brouilly produced on some of
the best soil of the district, and during the truly great 1969
vintage. Since every bottle comes from the estate, and it was
not blended, the total production falls much below the world
demand. As a consequence, we urge that you anticipate your

| THE FIRST 1969

La Marquise de Roussy de Sales is as much home in her Beaujolais
vineyard as she is in the salons of Paris society. Here, she is busily
engaged in supervising a truck about to depart.

summer requirement early. You will be delighted with the
wine, its intriguing complexity, engaging charm. Your
friends will share your enthusiasm when you serve this
superb Beaujolais — the most beloved red wine of France —
the favored among red wines, because of its lightness and
fruit, as the light-hearted companion to warm weather

menus.

AVAILABLE IN HALF BOTTLES AT

$1.54 Each
$32.95 Case

For those who want the big, impres-

sive Magnum, $32.95 the case of 6.

Gold Award Winner Macon

rouges Fair for best Brouilly pro-
Vins . nom duced during 1969 Vintage
s av
Grands imat
pu \a
out ;
BR a crarea?
: rir: “WV : i
premictgenas Wie, 2 Cree 2)
On arnuilliere 5 Cet arch yadenas
4 oe noit, 4 Chais a :
ese, au OF , Oden
Chat “1 41Se
e Goes’
(cuve Oe de \a oe Odenas
eee ‘a Chaise
(caver jyaread e sé
Ler es, Cercis€: me ye aS
(cuvee WO: 32 Conve” 5. det

 

e Lies

js { 5 Jercic \ ee eg
Nios vet, ne \a Chaise
ae

 
 
  

  
