BEARD: As you may recall, Frank, Sherry’s
issued a report on the 1959 vintage about a
year ago. It was issued shortly after the vintage
and I do think it has stood up well. Now,
Frank, you might comment on how you feel
about this highly publicized year based on your
recent vineyard trip. Let’s start with Burgundy.

SCHOONMAKER: On the whole, I would say
that Burgundy was the luckiest of the districts.
Judged surely, now that the wines have had a
year in cask (a few of them have been bottled,
perhaps prematurely), 1959 can be rated,
without hesitation or doubt, the best vintage
in three decades. There are hardly any poor
wines at all; even the lesser ones are ea
and the best are sensationally fine. Ready
early, yet better balanced that the ’53s or the
"47s, they recall, in fruit, texture and charm,
the incomparable 1929s; they are so good to-
day that it is hard to know how much they will
improve. Some can be drunk almost immedi-
ately, and most of the others should reach their
peak in the next four or five years. The crop,
fortunately, was a very large one, and the
prices are not yet out of hand, but, on the basis
of present demand, authentic ’59s will be prac-
tically unprocurable two years from now.

BEARD: What about Bordeaux?

SCHOONMAKER: In Bordeaux, 1959 was an
exceedingly great year, although less remark-
able and more uneven than in Burgundy. The
great red wines of the Medoc will rank among
the best Clarets of our lifetime, and promise to
surpass even the ’53s; but the St. Emilions and
Pomerols are much less consistent and, in gen-
eral, much less good. They will mature quite
early, for they are more distinguished than
powerful, and more gracious than sturdy. But
the Medocs, at least, are extraordinarly well
balanced, and could prove long-lived. The
prices are already absolutely astronomic, and
they are not likely to go down.

BEARD: As a lover of fine Claret, I have been
most content with the ’52s, 53s and ’55s, and

seek out, when I can find them, some of the
interesting survivors of older years such as 749.
How has time treated these Clarets?

SCHOONMAKER: I would certainly rate
1955 as a great year, one that has fully ful-
filled its early promise—better than ’52 on
whole and far superior to 57 and ’58. The
prices were high to begin with and still con-
tinue to rise as they become more and more
scarce. I would certainly urge that they be ac-
quired now.

BEARD: My cellar is cheerfully occupied by
the Clarets of 1952 and 1953. What about
them?

SCHOONMAKER: As for the °53s, here we
are contending with very great wines of ex-
traordinary softness, elegance and fruit, glori-
ous for present drinking, and extremely hard to
find anywhere on the Bordeaux market. As for
the 1952s, certainly a great year, especially in
St. Emilion and Pomerol. The wines are hold-
ing up well and may well outlast the 53s.

BEARD: You have already commented on the
great 1959 red Burgundies which will be reach-
ing us early next year. How about some of the
other recent years among the red wines of
Burgundy?

SCHOONMAKER: On the whole, red 1958s
can be ignored since they were somewhat hard,
and rather high in acid. Only a few of the best
vineyards gave wines of any quality. When it
comes to 1957, this is another matter. Here is
a great year, possibly very great. Big, firm,
full bodied wines, not too unlike the ’49s, but
perhaps better. They probably will outlast, and
may conceivably even surpass, with time, the
presently far more attractive 1959s. The lesser
wines are already showing great class, and the
bigger wines great promise.

BEARD: I have started to drink my 1955 red
Burgundies and thoroughly enjoy them. What
about them?

SCHOONMAKER: 1955 was another great
year—wines that have developed splendidly as
some of us hoped, but few of us really ex-
pected. They are excellent red Burgundies for
present consumption—soft, well balanced and
fine; they are, in many cases, better than the
1953s today—delightful, gracious wines, not
necessarily extraordinary, but extremely good.

BEARD: I have tasted the 1959 white Bur-
gundies in cask and have had some good bot-
tles of Pouilly Fuisse here in New York. I was
impressed by their full body, richness of flavor,
so reminiscent of the 47s. You have tasted
these wines as recently as September, in cask.
What is your present feeling?

SCHOONMAKER: Although entirely unlike
the 59 reds, these too, are wines that can fairly
be described as great, possibly even as over-
powering. They are very full bodied, high in
alcohol, tremendously rich in flavor; wines,
as you have stated, that have much in common
with the memorable ’47s, designed for special
occasions better than for every day drinking.
Some of the lesser wines, such as Pouilly
Fuisse. are here now and the others will be in
New York by mid ’61, or even earlier. They
should be enjoyed now, at their splendid best,
for only a few of the really great ones will be
quite as good five years from now as they are
today. Chablis and Pouilly Fuisse are both
excellent.

BEARD: And the white Burgundies of 1958?

SCHOONMAKER: My opinion is that the
1958 vintage has been generally underrated,
1s an exceedingly great year, which many ex-
perts will rank even higher than 1959. The
Wines are lighter, drier, with more breed and
bouquet, classic white Burgundies, not too far
rom the ’52 in constitution and quality.

BEARD: | might mention that I have tasted
the 1959 Chassagne Montrachet, Caillerets, at
Ramonet’s cellars and found it rich, full and
glorious, one of the most remarkable white

Burgundies that I have ever tasted. Ramonet
himself thinks it is the best white wine he has
made since 1947. However, before leaving
Burgundy, you might tell us something about
the vintage in Beaujolais—which, after all, is
Burgundy as far as geography is concerned, al-
though made from an entirely different grape.

SCHOONMAKER: Frenchmen drink these
cheerfully and copiously, and very soon after
the vintage. The 1960 vintage produced a
record crop, and for the most part, very medi-
ocre wine, 1959 was much more uneven in
Beaujolais than on the Cote d’Or—the success-
ful ones are excellent—sturdy, maturing well
and will last.

BEARD: There has been much talk about the
greatness of 1959 on the Rhine and Moselle.
This is certainly my opinion, and I have tasted
these wines, in Germany, and we here at
Sherry’s have quite a few of them already in
our cellars. What is your feeling about the
German wines now that many of them have
started to be bottled?

SCHOONMAKER: We are dealing with an
exceedingly great year, certainly unsurpassed
since the last war and in many ways compar-
able to 1921. But wine making methods in
Germany, as in France, have changed con-
siderably in the past two decades; the wines
are bottled much earlier than they were before
in order to conserve their freshness and charm.
As a result, the 59s will probably prove shorter
lived, but most of them, on the other hand, are
now ready to drink and the others will be by
mid 61. Their average quality is amazingly
high—though some of the commoner ones
might prove flat and dull, being too low in acid

the estate bottlings, from the driest to the
sweetest, have great ripeness and fruit—they
are as full bodied as the 49s and ‘53s, but with
more distinction. As always, there are some
variations in quality from one district or town-
ship to another. Truly, on the whole, a “Vint-
age of the Century”.

BEARD: What about other recent vintage
vears on the Rhine and Moselle?

%,

 
