 

   

The wine world is expanding—the product of
the grape is no longer a happy monopoly of
the country that grows it—but its pleasure
can be shared as readily in Des Moines as in
Lyons, Bordeaux, Wiesbaden and Beaune. If
you turn this page you will see reproduced an
article on the universality of wine that
appeared not long ago in the Paris Herald
Tribune. Should you pick up the June 6th
issue of the Chicago Tribune you will find
Ruth Ellen Church, the knowledgeable wine
and food Editor state: ‘‘wine history was
made in Chicago today when a Nashville man
bid $580 for a case of °45 Chateau Mouton-
Rothschild, the highest price ever paid for a
case of red wine. It took place on the day that
I had lunch at Chez Paul with Sam Aaron.
For me it was also an event. For a long time
I had wanted to talk wine with one of the
most knowledgeable men in the business, the
Mr. Aaron of Sherry-Lehmann, Inc. of New
York, the Mr. Aaron who had much to do
with the Time-Life ‘Wines and Spirits’ book,
and who with James Beard, has written an-
other book to be published next spring by
Simon & Schuster, ‘How to Eat and Drink
Better for Less Money.’

We had not met, but it wasn’t because our
paths didn’t cross—they did. But we weren't
on them at the same time. Or they ran paral-
lel, as in April when a letter arrived from the
whimsical Mr. Aaron: ‘It may seem a fantas /,
but last night I did dream that you flew to
Paris, for the convention of the Wine and
Spunte Grulld.. ..

I replied from Brussels to Paris: ‘It was not
fantasy. I did fly to Europe, not to Paris this
time. Next year, if I’m invited...’

Our associate, Sam Aaron spent many days at
the Hotel Crillon in Paris presiding over the
annual convention of the Wine and Spirits
Guild of America. There were many distin-
guished participants including Guy Faiveley,
world head of the Confrerie des Chevaliers du
Tastevin; Comte de Vogue of Moet; Pierre
Nicolas, the world’s largest wine buyer;
Charles Gordon, the Director of Grant’s Dis-
tillery; Mr. Hayne, of the Economic Section
of the U.S. Embassy; Mr. Charles Piat, Presi-
dent of the French Wine & Spirits Export
Committee, etc. The report on the proceed-
ings and Mr. Aaron’s trip through the vine-
yards is surely too lengthy to be included here.

   

Ae

2a Mr. and Mrs. Sam Aaron in the cellars of

Nicolas, Paris.

   

However, should you write us, we will gladly
send you the full report by the latter part of

July.

In the interval, we have asked Sam Aaron to
comment on some of his discoveries that
either have arrived or will be shortly.” He
reports below:

“My good friend Alfred Knopf, Jr., provided
me with an advance copy of his newly pub-
lished book ‘Paris Dining Guide’ by Waverley
Root. I found a sure guide to the best eating
in Paris. I urge that you get a copy. It lead
me to some of the best Parisienne dining I
have ever encountered, which included:
Garin (Haute cuisine), Denis (Bordeaux cul-
sine), Lyonnais (Lyons), Allard (Bistrot).

 

Ernest Hemingway and the famed bull fighter,
Ordonez, in the wine cellars of Paternina,

Spain.

I also would like to report that the Crillon
Hotel owned by the Taittingers, a family of
Champagne fame, has achieved a new height
in luxurious, sensitive and friendly hotel
warmth under the knowledgeable guidance of
Claude Lemercier, Managing Director.

Perhaps the highest gastronomic highlight of
our Paris meeting was achieved under the
streets of Paris in the vast cellars of Nicolas.
The provincial food of every important part
of gastronomic France was brought in for the
occasion. The flowers and art exhibit extended
for almost a %4 mile. The music was that of
France, capturing the mood—sadness and joy.
The range of country wines was endless
many appear in this brochure. ‘The crowning
wine was the Chateau Haut Brion 1955, the
very wine that General de Gaulle served Pres-
ident Nixon only a few months ago.

The dramatic dessert was accompanied by
the Chateau Yquem 1947. Even the sophisti-
cated French who were present cannot recall
a dinner party that matched this one in imag-
ination, food, wine, setting—and_ above all,
genuine warmth and affection. Thank you,
Mr. Pierre Nicolas.

In the search for the good wine of France,
most of us fail to seek out some of the great
spirits that are produced in that country. We
know that Charles Gordon has provided us
with the 16 year old Glen Fiddich all-malt
unblended, perhaps the best Scotch we have
ever tasted.... We thank Robert Gould for
sending us Kentucky’s noblest product, the
Collector’s Item 16 year old Kentucky Bour-
bon. And, we thank France for permitting us
to discover the Hine’s Family Reserve 19th
century Cognac—and, we thank them for
making available to us the Framboise of Al-
sace, produced by the Mr. Hess—a spirit that
captures the essence of ‘the wild raspberry in

flight.’

We talk about the kind of wine that Mr.
Ernest Hemingway liked elsewhere in this
brochure. I have spent many hours with Mr.
Hemingway discussing one of his beloved sub-
jects—wine. Perhaps it is Mr. Hemingway’s
more than anyone else, who answers the ques-
tion——why drink wine? when he wrote: ‘Wine
is one of the most civilized things in the world
and one of the natural things of the world
that has been brought to the greatest perfec-
tion: and it offers a greater range for enjoy-
ment and appreciation than possibly any
other purely sensory thing which may be pur-
Claaseel,’ ~

THE “MARPLES” WINE RACK

Here is the gayest, most imaginative and most useful gift you can send yourself, your mate,

as a birthday or anniversary gift, or to your week-end hostess. Your selection of the choice

wines from the cellars of Ernest Marples be-
come unique and timely when sent 1n a sturdy
wooden ‘‘wine rack.”

The rack will contain four different wines-
three bottles of each, totaling twelve. The
three red ones will be Moulin-a-Vent,
Brouilly, and Chenas—the dry white one will
be the excellent Macon Vire. All will be of
the 1966 vintage.

A thought—why not remove pre-Christmas
anxiety by ordering now (or reserving ) Sev-

eral of these wine racks to be sent to your

friends just before Christmas? Gan you think
of a better gift below $25.00?

MIXED CASE OF ALL 4 90 ™s
WINES —3 OF EACH — e ~
TOTALING 12

only

Complete with wine rack. Wine rack
empty retails for $12.00 — we add only

$4.95

 

our cost

     

   
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
   
  
   
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
     
    
  
    
    
   
  
  
   
  
   
 
  
   
   
  
  
    
 
  
   
  
   
  
  
 
 
   
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 

 

 
