 

‘What Makes It
Great?’ is the continuing title of a
series mailed to the medical
profession. Based on requests of
physicians, various cultural fields
are selected and then explored...
among them have been Music, Art,
Golf, and Literature. Wine, as a
subject, ranked high in popularity.
The noble product of the vine was
discussed in a conversation between
Burgess Meredith and Sam Aaron.
Selected excerpts from their
spontaneous, informal talk appear
below.

Meredith: Wine, to me, is one of
the great secondary pleasures of
life. And you're grateful for those
in time. Yet, I place wine along
with my love for horses, the theatre,
art, antiques, and great books. I’ve
always believed in tasting the many
riches available to man and I guess
I’ve done my share. Wine, however,
is not an all-absorbing thing to me,
as it seems to be to some experts
I’ve known. I simply feel it is a
nicety that enhances my enjoyment
of life, and I’m happy it is there

to enjoy.

Aaron: At what stage of your life,
Burgess, did you become seriously
interested in wine?

Meredith: I guess I’ve been collecting, if that’s the word for it, for
about 30 years. I don’t know exactly when I came to the conclusion that
wine was my friend and hard liquor my enemy. And by the way,

I’ve spent a lot of time with my enemy, but I’ve never regretted my
days with wine.

Let me tell you one thing that probably most professionals have
forgotten about because they do it so naturally—and that is the whole
ritual of wine. Start with the bottle. Even very great wines may have an
imperfection which can be easily detected, by a dash of sediment.

If you are a real purist, you will hold a lighted candle behind the bottle
as you pour. The sediment then will not go into the glass. You will
then be able to spot the stranger and keep him out. And why do you
use thin-stemmed, clear crystal glasses for wine? And why don’t you
ever fill a wine glass up? Because the sight of wine is pleasurable just
of itself. And you don’t fill it up because you want to leave room for
aroma. Sight. Aroma. And, ultimately, taste, which if the wine is right
cannot help but make the whole ritual of dining a better experience.

Aaron: It’s always fascinated me, Burgess, how the development of a
great wine grape follows the development of the human personality
and body. Those who can accept challenge and adversity seem to grow
and become strong. A person, for example, reared in an entirely
protected environment builds no resistance to disease. Now, the great
wine grapes must fight to survive frequently in very unfertile soil in
climates with wild swings of weather. But take the grapes of Southern
California and those around the Mediterranean including North Africa.
With few exceptions, they grow in a lovely setting of year-round sun
and warmth. They don’t have to fight to survive, so they get lazy. And
from these grapes you get very mediocre wines. No good years. No bad
years. All sloppy years. Yet. when there is high risk survival, the grape
takes on a character that can go on to become a fine wine. Sometimes,
this becomes a tragic circumstance, as it was just last year in Northern
California. A hard frost destroyed 40 per cent of its production in just
one night. The reward for fighting is that when the grape does make it,
it is going to have at least the possibility of making a fine wine.

Meredith: You make the analogy of the human and the grape—and the
survival of the fittest. What intrigues me, too, is the likeness to nature
of wines themselves. I’ve always liked to think of wine as another form
of life. As in nature, there are certain species that have ephemeral lives.
There are wines like butterflies, for example. Beautiful, but without
longevity.

 

Burgess Meredith (left) is internationally known for his acting and
directing in motion pictures, on the stage and on television. Sam Aaron

(right) is President of Sherry-Lehmann—and a wine expert who has
written and lectured about wine fer almost four decades.

Aaron: There’s a vineyard 12 miles
from Rome called Frascati. Legend
has it that if you sit on a terrace
there at the vineyard, sipping its
freshly made wine, it can be
beautiful. Yet, the time it would
take to transport that very same
wine the 12 miles to Rome would
cause it to lose its freshness. This is
an exaggeration, of course, but the y
story has a truism: certain wines
should never be exported from the
area where they’re made.

KK

You say, Burgess, that wine to
you is like another kind of life.
Personally, I almost totally relate
wine to eight stages of human life
—hirth, infancy, childhood,
adolescence, maturity, old age and,

Meredith: Incidentally, I
understand that a person, even in
senility, never loses the sensation
of taste—another reason for
acquiring an appreciation of wine.

Aaron: Take a Bordeaux, say
Chateau Lafite-Rothschild, one of
the great ones. While it may be
very good the year it is bottled, it
will continue to improve or mature
for about 35 years. Then, it will go
into a slow descent and be dead in
another 40 years. But consider a
Beaujolais. It will reach maturity in three months, remain essentially
on a plateau for two years, and be dead in four years.

Meredith: Isn’t it interesting, though, Sam, that when you “spike” a
wine and turn it into a Sherry, for example, or a Port or Madeira, it
becomes practically ageless. Its personality neither improves nor
declines. It just stays as it is I guess forever, until, of course, some
rascal drinks it.

Aaron: For your own please, Burgess, what leanings do you have
toward specific wines?

Meredith: So much is dependent on what I intend to eat, or my mood

at the time. Wine is so damned personal with me. I guess, were I to

examine closely my cache of wines, I would probably discover a
preponderance of Bordeaux. Knowing the in-depth controls the great
vineyards of France have in the Bordeaux region thoroughly impresses
me. You know when the label carries “mis en bouteilles au Chateau”

there cannot possibly be any substitution of a wine not produced on

that particular estate. Any violation, you don’t just pay a fine. You go

to jail for three years. These estates are constantly under surveillance }
by the government—and this is expensive. You've got to spray S0 many

times, you've got to pay a subsidy to the chief of viniculture. All this

means when you buy estate-bottled Bordeaux, you know it’s not within

their power to make a bad wine even if they wanted to.

Now, Burgundy, that Rabelais of wines, is a totally different story.
The Burgundy area, unlike Bordeaux, is composed of a great many
small vineyards. Most of the producers live in villages and because the
vineyard acreage is so small, they simply can’t afford the luxury of a
house on it. In Bordeaux, vineyards will be as large as 100 acres.

In Burgundy, far and away the largest vineyard (which isn’t really one
vineyard, but composed of many vignerons) is Clos De Vougeot which
has 45 acres but is owned by 38 people. Don’t you think, Sam, that
Bordeaux reflects a sophisticated, regal society and Burgundy, a
peasant society ?

It’s true, Sam, that some of the wines I have bought in the past
have doubled and quadrupled in value. But I’ve never sold any.

That’s illegal, isn’t it? I do have the pleasure, however, of knowing on
occasion that I’m drinking a very expensive wine. One thing I would
like to add to your statement about what an interested person can do to
strengthen his security in the selection of wine. Find yourself a great
wine merchant, get to know him and trust him and depend on him.

ultimately, senility and death.

 

Be
at .
j
DD
Z Lz

1
FA

4

LZ

ce

AS 1973 A
terest heig
point out t
most of al
MAGAZI)
and the n
product 0:

Each yea
more win
higher in
States bu
many, an
relatively
with this
the most

Bordeaux
Chardon
prices ke
not desps
imaginat
names if

discover

not wor

merit wi

This Cal,
Browse
Willing
Wines t}

In addit
Wwe do gi
will gro
In the |
financia
Cannot.
valid,”

 
