   

DaVe Wing
(uality, ing)
ch and Cermay

ded for tourists

hat the Siig
Gest price, and

f Wine in th
with fey
vines of ‘

 

 

|
|

 

   

 

 

 

VsAceTOm bee

 

VinhoVerde

The: Youne
Light, Fresh
Wines of

PORTUGAL

First Time Offered in America!

 
 

  
  
 
  
 
 
 

  
 

  
 
  
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

In California it is “Wine”; in France it is “Vin”; in Italy it is “Vino”; and in
Portugal, the proudest table wine is “Vinho Verde”. Here are the wines
around Minho, the most northerly province of Portugal that grow wonderful
wines that are not “green” at all, but a glorious purplish-red or a green-
golden white. The name is misleading, but is based on the fact that the vines
are young, are allowed to climb trees, and the greater the distance from the
ground, the more there is of acidity and freshness which other wines in these
hot climates lack.

Here is the best table wine of Portugal. Make no mistake about it, they are
delightful and here is the first time they are being offerd in America. The wine,
as well as the price, can only be described as tempting. Try the “Vinho Verde ”,
they are the best; try the Dao (pronounced Dawn); try the delightful old world
gallon in wicker as they do in Lisbon—the result will astonish you, you will
be drinking a much neglected, but excellent source for good table wine, and
the price can only be described as astonishing and tempting. For the more
adventuresome, we can only suggest that you do not overlook this colorful
corner of the Iberian peninsula as a source for honest table wine.

RED WINES Bottle Case
VINHAS TINTO 1957 (Lisbon) 97 11.50

Grown north of Lisbon, this is the ‘Vin De Carafe’’ of the Fado set.

DAO SAO PEDRO TINTO 1.39 15.19

We first learned about this remarkably good dark red table wine, grown south of Oporto,
from H. Gregory Thomas, President of Chanel, Inc., and one of America’s leading authori-
ties.on wine and food. He bought two cases, aroused our curiosity, and we tasted it. We
agree—one of the best values in red wine available anywhere on the globe.

VINHO VERDE TINTO (Casal Garcia) ...1.79 19.95

The label looks as though it were made of lace, the taste is slightly reminiscent of velvet,
and the bouquet is as fresh as gingham. Here is a new material for wine lovers, never
imported into the United States before, it has its own genuine character and validity, and
those who take wine drinking either seriously or pleasurably, should not deny themselves
the experience of Portgual’s best red table wine.

LATADA TINTO 1959
(In gallon wicker Demijohn ) 4.49 16.20

Have you ever seen a Frenchman carrying his long bread on his bicycle, or a man of
Lisbon trudging home with his handsome, giant size gallon of wine in wicker Demijohn ?
We refer you elsewhere for the bread, but we can offer you the identical red wine in same
gallon wicker bottle for only—believe it or not—4.50! The wine is a first cousin to the
pleasant red wines of Italy, not pretentious, but nevertheless, satisfying, easy to drink, and
hardly more expensive than beer.

WHITE WINES
VINHAS BRANCO 1959 (Lisbon) O78 11.50

Not dissimilar to a full bodied, medium dry white wine grown in the Bordeaux area.
Agreeable, without great distinction, but adequate for everyday drinking.

DAO SAO PEDRO BRANCO 1.45 15.72

We move into a better class here—more finesse, full flavored, relatively dry, surprisingly
good, exceptional value.

VINHO VERDE BRANCO (Casal Garcia). 1.79 19.95

From the high plateau land above the Douro river comes this remarkable, light, fresh
white wine. Here is the Montrachet and Wehlener Sonnenuhr of Portugal. Certainly, not
in the same class, but nevertheless, there is enough breed and distinction to justify the
zealous search for this ‘‘Vinho Verde” by the knowledgable wine drinkers of Portugal.

  

LATADA BRANCO 1959
(In gallon wicker Demijohn ) 4.49 16.20

A do-it-yourself suggestion—buy a gallon of this white wine in the handsome wicker
Demijohn (you can even make a lamp out of it)—serve it at dinner, put the rest back in
the refrigerator in empty, left-over bottles to preserve it, and you have solved the problem
of good white table wine at low cost. The result is that you will be drinking good dry
white wine at an average cost of only 90 cents the bottle, with a decorative object left

over at no cost at all.

  

PINK WINES
VINHAS ROSE 1959 (Lisbon ) OF 11.50

Drink this one freely, don’t take it too seriously, and you will find it agreeable.

  

MATEUS ROSE 1.99 21.49

The flat pear shaped bottle, proudly holding its superior pink wine, has become a standard
for Vin Rose in Europe, South America, and now in the United States. It is made of the
historic Bastardo grape and is an excellent definition of the clear color, subtle bouquet and
refreshing lightness associated with a pleasing Vin Rose. Half bottles are available at
1.11 each, 23.98 the case of 24.

H5
