  

From the Cellars of St. Edmund Hall
in the University of Oxford

 
   
 
    

  
   

  

¥ : Ants
| G > SS
iareguneu 01" | diet

   

    
 
 
 
     

Will be appreciated by any of your wine drinking friends —
simply pick any mixed assortment of any 12 bottles in this
brochure and add 4.95 additional for the cost of this hand-
some wine rack (remember, it retails regularly in most stores
at 12.50).

       

KARRYKEG
¥
THERMDs.

  

For those who prefer that our wine tasting panel make the
selection, we particularly recommend the ‘‘BORDEAUX-
BURGUNDY-RHONE ASSORTMENT” shown below:

     
   
   
  
 
   
   
  
 
 
 
    
   

DRY DEN \

   

(3.89 ea.)
A noble, aged Rhone wine from the Dr. Barolet cellar.

2.79 ea.
Charming, excellent—estate-bottled, Ernest oe ) Wine drinking at Oxford University in the classic tradition.
The three wines pictured here represent the discriminating
(3.99 ea.) taste of St. Edmund Hall, the oldest college in the University
A great red Bordeaux from the noble soil of Chateau of Oxford. Here is indeed a unique gift of good taste—“Thermo
Haut Brion. Karry-Keg” (holds 300 ice cubes for over 24 hours—4.95) con-

taining:
(3.79 ea.)

Estate-bottled. Ernest Marples sends us this beautiful
white Burgundy.

MIXED CASE OF ALL

12 GUE BOgenEeS

IN WINE RACK Complete for all 12 bottles.
Including the Wine Rack.

Would cost $48.33 if purchased individually Complete with Thermo-Keg

   

“‘Custom Blended” Scofch Assortment

The ingredients to be acquired are (whether it be for a gift or yourself)
1 — Glenfiddich Unblended Highland Malt 16 Yr. Old Scotch (Below 11.99)
1 — Smith’s Glenlivet 18 Yr. Old Unblended Highland Malt Scotch (Below 13.99)
10 — James Boswell Blended Scotch (Below 4.49 each)

   
     
 
   
 

Once these 12 bottle are acquired, you are now in a position to make your own truly superior

   

blend because of the superb aged ingredients. As they do in Scotland, you can create your own

 
 

formula—for example, one part Smith’s, 2 parts Glenfiddich and 7 parts James Boswell—or

 
 

you can make an even richer blend by using 2 parts Smith’s, 2 parts Glenfiddich, and 6 parts

   

James Boswell.

 
 

The combinations are almost infinite, but the results will be outstanding, no matter which
combination you choose. It is your happy task to find the formula that pleases you the most.
If desired, a personalized hand-written label can be affixed to each bottle, describing the

‘Custom Blend’, either by you or the fortunate recipient.

 
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
  

Disilind ana eet en Seti
‘ORGe ¢ pe. SMarTH IT Below
OE

AERIS CBT OL

 
    
   

Complete for all 12 bottles.

  
 
 

PROMEEC
ORS a nega WORE BE
ria eS CORR Tae rm

. 4

 

If purchased individually, these 12 bottles would cost you Below $70.77.
