  

 

 

eons

A New Deluxe Edition
of a Wine & Spirit Classic

We have received many inquiries as to where The Time-Life book

“WINES & SPIRITS” can be obtained. The facts are:

(Sheraton Press will later invoice you for $6.
30 each book. You can send it to a

SHERATON

PRESS

239 GREAT NECK ROAD
GREAT NECK, N. Y.

KORA

95 plus 35¢ postage and handling for
friend with your name ona gift card if you wish.)

 
 
    

eR

“WINES & SPIRITS”
Published by

TIME-LIFE Books

Written by ALEC WAUGH,

distinguished British Author.
Editorial :
Consultant— SAM AARON,

President, Sherry-Lehmann Inc.

 
  
 

 

 

 

       
   
 

 

With the collaboration of Sam Aaron of Sherry-Lehmann, Inc.,
Wines & Spirits is as stimulating — and as full of flavor and
intellectual excitement — as its subject. To make the volume a
delight to the eye, “Time-Life Books’ dispatched the famed photog-
rapher, Arie de Zanger, to the major areas of the world to bring

back beautiful pictures of wines and spirits being prepared,

served and enjoyed.

In addition to learning all about Bordeaux, Burgundy, Cognac,
Bourbon, Scotch, and other renowned alcoholic beverages, you
will learn, step by step, how to make more than one hundred
cocktails and punches...ranging from Margaritas, to Irish Coffee,
Champagne Cocktail and Sangria — and you will even be given

dozens of tested recipes for food to accompany the cocktail hour.

Wines & Spirits is a big, handsome book—814”x11”, 208 pages,
bound in durable hard cover. With it, you also get a 96-page,
spiral-bound recipe booklet. The handsome portfolio that holds
these books will delight you and lend itself to gift-giving. We were
amazed to learn that 600,000 copies of Wines & Spirits have
already been sold —and the foreign editions in eight different
languages have not yet been printed. Many critics are of the
opinion that this one volume, because of its pictorial beauty and
reliable, easy-to-read text, may make a bigger contribution to the

popularization of wine-drinking than anything since ‘the invention

of the corkscrew.’

 

 

We have just

Haut Brion, 4:
Chateau Haut!
"20 represent
“neyard ig th
often Visited }

’ France and
OUsin,

(

the ge
Know ledgeabl,

 
