 

ei 5 tel
°o., ~

Recipes:
my
2

MENU FOR HOLIDAY DINNER

CHILLED FINO SHERRY WITH CHEESE BISCUITS
TURTLE SOUP WITH MADEIRA

ROAST GOOSE WITH APPLE AND CHESTNUT STUFFING
SAUERKRAUT IN CHAMPAGNE

PRUNES IN PORT
POTATOES ANNA
GINGER SOUFFLE, SHERRIED WHIPPED CREAM

NUTS FRUIT

CAFFE EXPRESSO
ULKREKA JE LIE,

Cheese Bisquits

Mash a pound of Camenbert Cheese and blend
it with 2 ounces of butter (% bar), l table-
spoon each of chopped chives, parsley and
capers. Blend well, adding a touch of heavy
cream, if necessary. Spread on thin English

water bisquits.

Turtle Soup with Madeira

Any fine bottled or tinned Turtle Soup will
serve you well. If there is turtle meat in the jar
or tin, cut it into small pieces. Heat the soup
and add additional Madeira to each cup be-
fore you serve it. A thin slice of lemon and
a sprinkling of chopped hard cooked egg is
the traditional garnish. A glass of Madeira

with the soup is a nice idea.

Roast Goose with Apple & Chestnut Stuffing

You can buy chestnuts peeled, shelled and
ready cooked, in jars, in most shops nowadays.
This saves a great deal of work and temper.
The apples for the stuffing should be good,
tart, cooking apples. Peel and quarter them

and sprinkle lightly with nutmeg.

When you buy the goose, remember that it
be a fat bird and be guided accordingly. You
want to estimate about | Ib. per person. Wash
the goose and rub the interior with lemon.
Stuff the goose with the quartered apples and
the cooked chestnuts which you have salted
lightly before using for the stuffing. Alternate
layers of apples and chestnuts in the cavity
of the bird. Sew up the vent with heavy thread

or close the vent with small skewers and tie

it with string. Salt the bird on the outside, and

place it on a rack ina baking pan. Place the
goose in a hot 450 degree oven and let it stay
at that temperature for 30 minutes. Reduce
the temperature to 325 and continue cooking
until the skin is crisp and the bird tender—
allowing about 20 minutes per pound. Pour
off the fat from time to time during the

roasting time.

While the goose is roasting, cook the gib-
lets and neck in two cups of water and season
with 1 teaspoon salt, 1 small onion and a
sprig of parsley. When the giblets are tender,
remove from the broth and chop them very
fine. When the roast is cooked, remove to a
hot platter and pour off all but 4 tablespoons
of the fat. Mix the fat in the pan with 4
tablespoons flour and place over a medium
heat. Add the chopped giblets and the broth
and stir until thickened and smooth. Season
to taste with salt and pepper and a healthy
dash of Cognac.

Prunes in Port

This is an excellent relish with most any
poultry or game dish and is simple to make.
Merely choose large tender dried prunes and
soak them in port for several days in a covered
jar or crock. Serve them as they are or pit
them and stuff with nuts or brandied fruits.
They will keep for months this way.

Sauerkraut in Champagne

For 6 persons, use 3-4 pounds sauerkraut.
Add 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper,
2 cloves garlic, finely chopped, and 1 pint
white wine and simmer covered, with medium
flame for 3 hours. Add 1 pint champagne (a
half bottle of Ayala Gold Label Brut 1953 @
$2.79 would do nicely here) 15 minutes be-
fore serving and let it cook down with the

kraut.

Potatoes Anna

Peel and thinly slice 4 large potatoes cr 6
medium sized ones. Butter a baking dish very

well and place a layer of sliced potatoes evenly

   

on the bottom. Sprinkle with salt and pepper
Sex and dot liberally with butter. Add another

7 Ne

. layer of potatoes, and repeat the process until

all potatoes are used. Dot the top liberally with

_ butter and bake in a hot oven (400°) 40 to

50 minutes or until the potatoes are tender

’ when tested with a toothpick. Before serving

invert baking pan on a hot plate so that the
nicely browned and crusty potatoes on the

bottom will come out on top. (Serves 6)

Ginger Soufflé

The first thing to do in preparing a soufflé

is to banish the notion that soufflé making is

something which only an expert should tackle.
Half the soufflé failures are caused by over-
anxiousness and nervous fussing rather than

mistakes in cooking or preparation.

3 tablespoons butter % cup chopped

14 teaspoon salt preserved ginger
3 tablespoons flour

1 cup hot milk

5 beaten egg yolks
6 stiffly beaten

14 cup sugar egg whites

Melt butter in upper part of a double boiler,
blend in salt and flour, and gradually stir in
hot milk. Stir constantly until mixture thick-
ens and allow it to cook 2 minutes. Cool
slightly. Pour over a mixture of egg yolks,
sugar and ginger. Fold in the stiffly beaten
egg whites. Pour into a buttered soufflé dish
which has been sprinkled with sugar. Bake
in a moderate to moderately hot oven (350°-
375°) 35 to 40 minutes or until risen and
nicely browned. Serve at once with whipped
cream flavored lightly with a medium or sweet
sherry. (Serves 4)

THE WINES

SHERRY—Tio Pepe Fino Sherry
MADEIRA—Fortnum & Mason’s Rainwater
RED BURGUNDY—Pommard Epenots, 1955 a a2
SAUTERNE—Chateau d’Yquem 1953 ‘«
EAU-DE-VIE—Framboise D’Alsace

LIQUEURS—Grand Marnier, Benedictine, Chartreuse,
Cointreau, Cherry Heering.

 

SHERRY WINE AND SPIRITS CO., INC. » 679 MADISON AVENUE, N. Y. 21 + TEmpleton 8-7500

   

   

a
3

y
(tip f
aw ae
A
