  
 

  

ling and happ;
d during thei
ased that thei
Gold Medal :

Bottle Case
3.99 44.50

>
,

3.69 39.0
\-
-

9.99 32.
r,
id
0=<

9.39 51.90
ar

90

ih.

n

(

499 “40
eC

 

DURING THE LAST DECADE, a cultural explosion
has taken place in the world of food and wine. Enthus-
iasm and knowledge have spread because of increased
leisure, world-jet travel, a proliferation of books and
articles devoted to gastronomy—and most importantly,
a greater interest in eating well at home and in restau-
rants. As a result, Americans consume more wine with
each passing year. Thanks to major advances in vini-
culture, the vineyards of both California and Europe,
as well as South America, are producing better wine
to meet the more exacting demands of the consumer.

We have all watched the spiralling of prices and ob-
served a Lafite Rothschild go through the cost barrier
and fetch well over $1,000 the case. It is wines of this
exalted level that are dropping somewhat in price, thus
spreading the notion that wine prices are plummeting.
However, inflation still affects the costs of what most of
us drink every day—the good California wines, Beaujo-
lais, the moderately-priced Burgundies, and the wines
of Spain, Italy, and Germany. It is rather comparable
to saying that the cost of an Italian sports car has
dropped but the price that one pays for a Chevrolet or
Volkswagen has gone up based on higher material and
labor costs.

This catalogue reflects this trend. You will note reduc-
tions in the great classified growths of Bordeaux and
even in those wines that have been overpriced up to
now because the supply could not meet the world
demand—this category would include Pouilly-Fuissé,
Chateauneuf-du-Pape, Médoe, and St. Emilion. You will

 

also note that modest prices still prevail for the best
of the Beaujolais, excellent Burgundies, Rhone Valley
Reds, Alsatians and Loire Valley Whites. You will also
discover low cost values from Germany, Italy, Cali-
fornia and among the good red and white country
wines of Frahce.

Though the wine list here probably represents the
largest collection of any wine shop in the world, we
are not neglectful of excellent spirits, whether they be
Scotch, Gin, Bourbon, or Vodka. They are all present
here—and on sale.

But perhaps best of all you will be pleased with our
knowledgeable, friendly, and dedicated staff, eager to
help and serve you—whether it be during a friendly
visit to our shop or by telephone. Some of you may
prefer leisurely armchair shopping at home—if so,
simply fill out the enclosed order form.

WITHIN U.P.S. ZONE: No charge for delivery within vast U.P.S.
zone on orders of $25 or more. This includes the Five Bor-
oughs, Long Island, Westchester, Rockland, Putnam and
Orange Counties. Below $25, please add $1.50 for delivery
charge.

BEYOND U.P.S. ZONE, but within New York State: (Most loca-
tions in the State are accessible to our public carriers but
we suggest you check with us if in doubt). No charge for
delivery up to the Canadian border on orders of $200 or more.
Below $200, kindly add $12.50 for each shipment.

 
